
Sunday Morning
Yes, there WAS good news coming out of 2020
sunday-morning
By David Pogue

December 27, 2020 / 9:33 AM EST / CBS News


Correspondent David Pogue reminds us of some of the often-overshadowed bright spots of the past year.

2020 will not be remembered as a big year for good news. But science and technology actually scored a few triumphs – beginning with the piece of software that made it possible for meetings, classes, relationships, and performances to carry on.

I'm referring, of course, to Zoom video calls, like the one I had with my 92-year-old dad, Cleveland lawyer Dick Pogue.

"Hello, Dave!"

"So, am I correct that you had never used Zoom until the lockdown began?"


"Absolutely not. I was amazed when I first saw it."

"Apple, Google and Microsoft all had their own similar video programs. Why do you think Zoom became the winner of the pandemic?" David asked.

"I think it's the simplicity of getting into the meeting."

david-pogue-and-dick-pogue-via-zoom-620.jpg 
Despite a pandemic, Zoom has enabled Dick Pogue (right) to keep tabs on his son, David. 
CBS News
All the Zoom meetings meant fewer people flying, and all the closed offices meant fewer people driving. It's not the kind of economy anybody wants, of course, but it did lead to some more good news:


For the first time in a century, you could hear birdsong in the cities; you could see fish in the canals of Venice; and you could see blue skies in L.A.!

los-angeles-air-smog-and-smog-free-620.jpg 
Los Angeles air quality improved dramatically with the economic slowdown and stay-at-home orders resulting from the coronavirus pandemic. 
CBS News
At one point, global greenhouse gas emissions fell 17 percent, the biggest drop in human history.

This was also the year that the plastic pollution problem finally got the world's attention. We've dumping the equivalent of a truck-load's worth of plastic into the ocean every minute of every day.

China joined more than 125 other countries that have banned or taxed single-use plastic or plastic bags.

But you don't have to be a government to make a difference.

Ordinary citizen Sheila Morovati was fed up with the more than 40 billion plastic utensils that restaurants include with take-out orders every year that nobody uses.

Pogue asked, "So, if I take it out of the takeout bag and throw it in the trash, that's not single-use plastic?"


"That's zero-use plastic!" she replied.

Moravati undertook a one-woman campaign to persuade delivery services like Uber Eats and Postmates to make those utensils optional. "Uber Eats and Postmates now have a checkbox that says, 'If you would like plastic cutlery, click here.'" 

2020 was also an astonishing year for space. NASA launched its most advanced rover yet to Mars; landed a spacecraft on an asteroid; and, for the first time since the Space Shuttle retired in 2011, flew American astronauts to the International Space Station on an American spacecraft made by SpaceX - twice.

spacex-space-staiton-docking-111620.jpg 
The SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule, moments after docking at the International Space Station, November 16, 2020. 
NASA
Finally, 2020 ended with the best piece of news science could possibly have offered us: Vaccines for the disease that ruined the year in the first place.

Pogue asked, "Vaccines typically take years to develop – I mean, five, ten years. How was it possible that this one was developed so fast?"

"This was really born of a great deal of cooperation between academics, industry and government," said Pfizer's head of vaccine development Bill Gruber, "to essentially recognize this as the highest priority. One key element is that, as opposed to work typically being done in sequence, a great deal of work has been done in parallel."

The vaccines hold the promise that this time next year, good news will be a lot easier to find.  At least that's what Pogue's dad thinks.


David asked, "Do you have any broader thoughts about the year 2020?"

"I'll be glad when 2020's gone," Dick replied. "This was a bad year. But next year has got to be better, much better!"



MoneyWatch
Google's top trending search queries for 2020 highlight one of the strangest years of all time
moneywatch
By Dan Patterson

Updated on: December 9, 2020 / 3:10 PM EST / MoneyWatch

The COVID-19 pandemic, protests, wildfires and a high-stakes presidential election: 2020 was one chaotic year, and a surge of people turned to Google for answers. Now the search giant has released the Year in Search, its annual snapshot of the year's most important search terms, news stories, entertainers and politicians.

To create the annual list Google aggregates trillions — yes, trillions — of queries over the course of the year, filters out junk data like duplicate queries, then tabulates a list reflecting the events the company says most defined the year. To identify trends, Google's algorithm looks for the percentage increase in searches for a term over a period of time, relative to other searches.

This year, searches for "election results" topped the list, and searches related to "coronavirus" were ubiquitous across categories. "Kobe Bryant," "Joe Biden" and "stimulus checks" were also widely searched search terms.

"One thing that has been incredible to see in the data is the unprecedented shifts in people's information needs," said Google's data editor, Simon Rogers. For example, Google launched a COVID-19 news page when its internal trend tracking tools flagged a spike in searches related to coronavirus. 

Instead of presenting a traditional page with search results, searches related to COVID-19 display timely and accurate information from vetted medical sources, like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, World Health Organization and local news sources. 

"We worked with partners at the international, national and even local levels to connect people with the critical info," Rogers explained. The page also used public data sources to display updated information like COVID-19 statistics in Google Maps.

There were other atypical trends this year, Rogers said. The most interesting topics reflected how people adjusted to "a new normal. Queries about "Dalgona coffee," a popular comfort-food trend on social network TikTok, and "banana bread recipes" hit an all-time high, and questions about how to cut your own hair remained popular all year. "Fires near me" and "earthquake near me" were two of the top trending local queries this year.

This year marks the 20th anniversary of Google's Year in Search. "Nostradamus," "osama bin laden" and "eminem" were the top queries when the list launched in 2001. At the time, the zeitgeist nature of the list was intended to demonstrate the scope of the fledgling startup's search technology and user base and to differentiate Google in a once-crowded search-engine market, which included competitors like Yahoo!, AskJeeves and Inktomi.

When the list launched it was just one simple webpage with a few subcategories. Today Google publishes hundreds of "trending" categories in multiple languages.

Here are some of Google's top trending search queries for 2020:

Searches

Election results

Coronavirus

Kobe Bryant

Coronavirus update

Coronavirus symptoms

News

Election results

Coronavirus

Stimulus checks

Unemployment

Iran

People

Joe Biden

Kim Jong Un

Kamala Harris

Jacob Blake

Ryan Newman, a NASCAR driver

Politicians 

Joe Biden

Kamala Harris

Boris Johnson

Pete Buttigieg

Mike Bloomberg

The full list is here.


Entertainment
The 10 best films of 2020
By David Morgan

December 30, 2020 / 11:18 AM EST / CBS News

In cinema terms, 2020 is an asterisk year, at best. It was certainly not a great year for film — choked in production, constrained and starved in exhibition, and forced to be viewed through the prism of a global crisis that completely alters our reading of the movies and their messages. Most every film released this year was written, shot and edited before anyone had heard of the coronavirus, so their stories pretty much exist in a world that feels divorced from our current lives — escapism taken to the nth degree.

Still, of those films whose releases weren't postponed to 2021 A.V. (After Vaccine), there was a choice selection of movies worthy of a Ten Best Films list — and, thankfully, one great film that, pandemic or no, seems to exist outside of time.

1. "First Cow"
Directed by Kelly Reichardt.

Two enterprising young men in the Oregon Territory of 1820 conspire to steal milk from the first cow brought into the region, in order to sell their tasty biscuits at the muddy trading post that stands in for civilization. Masterfully directed by Kelly Reichardt, "First Cow" is a primal drama of the American dream, and of people living on the periphery of wilderness, who would — in one fashion or another — help define a young nation's character.

John Magaro's tender, inviting performance as Cookie, working his way west in hopes of finding his place in the world, pulls us into the character's conflict with his own sense of shame. How far can he push himself beyond what would be considered the limits of acceptable behavior east of the Mississippi, when encouraged by Orion Lee's entrancing King-Lu, a personification of an American West opening its doors of opportunity to anyone with the brazenness and guts to enter? You feel Cookie's despoilment, and realize there can be no retreat, only a shared sense of commitment owing to their friendship.


And don't be fooled by the film's opening scene: The first several minutes are this gifted director's very effective and haunting demonstration of the impermeable fabric of time, and how some of its mysteries can never, ever be resolved by us.

To watch a trailer for "First Cow" click on the player below:


First Cow | Official Trailer HD | A24 by A24 on YouTube
"First Cow" was selected as the year's best film by the New York Film Critics Circle. 

Read a full review.


"First Cow" is currently available via Video on Demand and on Showtime. 

2. "Nomadland"
Directed by Chloé Zhao.

In her followup to her 2017 film "The Rider," director Chloé Zhao again blurs fiction and non-fiction, in a story inspired by journalist Jessica Bruder's book "Nomadland," an account of nomadic van dwellers eking out a life amid the fallout of the 2008 economic crash.

Frances McDormand stars as Fern, a widow who shuttles from state to state, job to job, living an itinerate life among other nomadic seniors whose quasi-retirement resides on a razor's edge between personal fulfillment on their own terms, and despair.

The direction by Zhao (which was honored as the year's best by both the New York and Los Angeles critics) is finely attuned to those on the margins, with a cast that includes some of the real-life people documented in Bruder's book.

To watch a trailer for "Nomadland" click on the player below:


NOMADLAND | Official Trailer | Searchlight Pictures by SearchlightPictures on YouTube
After its debut at the Venice, Toronto and New York film festivals and a brief streaming run earlier this month, "Nomadland" will be released on February 19, 2021.   


3. "Never Rarely Sometimes Always"
Directed by Eliza Hittman.

An abused teenage girl in Pennsylvania named Autumn (Sidney Flanigan), who discovers she is pregnant, tries to induce a miscarriage but fails. She then travels, accompanied by a cousin, Skylar (Talia Ryder), to New York City, where she hopes she can obtain an abortion without requiring parental consent.

The film's trim execution, and Flanigan's almost naive reactions to the life changes she undergoes and the choices she must make, as well as Ryder's machinations when she discovers they are short on cash, dramatize the kind of shared experience that these young people will likely keep as a buried secret forever.

In this scene, as she is questioned by a counselor, the vulnerability of Autumn becomes almost excruciating and saddening to watch:


Never Rarely Sometimes Always | Clip - Never Rarely Sometimes Always by Universal Pictures Nederland on YouTube
Flanigan and Hittman were both honored by the New York Film Critics Circle, for Best Actress and Best Screenplay, respectively.

"Never Rarely Sometimes Always" is available via Video on Demand. 

4. "76 Days" (China)
Directed by Weixi Chen, Hao Wu, and Anonymous.


From the start, this documentary of frontline health workers in Wuhan Province, China, at the beginning of the coronavirus epidemic is eye-opening — from a hospital employee's heart-wrenching pleas to be with her dying father, to the emotional turmoil of parceling out care to patients. The camerawork puts the viewer directly into ground zero of the virus, and the maelstrom of fear and ignorance about what halting the outbreak entails.

While many viewers may have become numb to the hell that medical professionals have experienced this year as the pandemic worsened, this film's bare-bones immediacy capturing the start of the outbreak reminds us how the lack of information made this new virus even more unnerving.

The most chilling scene in any movie this year records the sad accumulation of the victims' smartphones, bagged and waiting to be disinfected, which ring and vibrate with voicemail messages to the dead.

In this scene, medical staff must contend with a crush of patients in the waiting room trying to force their way into the hospital:


76 Days - Official Clip - The Waiting Room by Dogwoof on YouTube
"76 Days" is available to rent via Virtual Cinema screenings. 

5. "Beanpole" (Russia)
Directed by Kantemir Balagov.

The deprivations of Leningrad following the end of World War II are portrayed with a grim starkness in this heartwrenching drama — named Best Foreign Language Film by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association — in which two women are joined both by their shared experiences of war, and by a terrible personal tragedy.


The friendship between the statuesque nurse Iya, a.k.a. "Beanpole" (Viktoria Miroshnichenko) and Masha (Vasilisa Perelygina), who has returned home from the front, is the focal point in this story of survivors, barely, who try and fail to resurrect the life they had before the war, and instead must pick up the pieces from a worldwide trauma. Both of these first-time actresses are terrific.

In this scene, Masha tries on a dressmaker's frock, and in a shock of color gets to experience a pleasure that years of war have muted:


Beanpole - Clip [HD] 1080p (2020) - DinoTrailers by DinoTrailers on YouTube
"Beanpole" is available to rent via Virtual Cinema screenings. 

6. "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom"
Directed by George C. Wolfe.

Viola Davis and Chadwick Boseman lead a strong cast in this enthralling adaptation of August Wilson's play, about a 1920s blues diva and her backup musicians trying to get through a recording session.

The film is opened up slightly from the stage, but not enough to overwhelm or dilute this very intimate character drama. If anything, the new scenes give depth to the discourse about racial injustice, exploitation, and cultural appropriation. But they also give added excuses for music, which is appreciated.

In his last film appearance, Boseman is strong as the cocksure trumpeter Levee, whose brash attitude masks deeper insecurities and a propensity for violence. He and Glynn Turman were named Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. Davis (who won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for another Wilson adaptation, "Fences") is terrific as the imperial Ma Rainey, whom you never want to make wait for her cold Coca-Cola.


In this scene, Levee confronts his fellow band members Cutler (Colman Domingo), Toledo (Turman) and Slow Drag (Michael Potts) about how to work with Whites in the music industry:


Chadwick Boseman Confronts The Band | Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom | Netflix by Netflix Film Club on YouTube
"Ma Rainey's Black Bottom" is currently streaming on Netflix. 

7. "Wolfwalkers" (Ireland)
Directed by Tomm Moore and Ross Stewart.

The filmmakers behind the 2009 animated movie "The Secret of Kells" return with this ornately decorated fable of a creature — half wolf, half human — and her friendship with the daughter of a huntsman ordered to kill all the wolves in a nearby forest.

This story of love and loyalties tested, mixed with humor, myth, and overtones of politics, make this a memorable, visual treat.

"Wolfwalkers" was named the year's best animated feature by both the New York Film Critics Circle and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.

Watch a trailer for "Wolfwalkers"


Wolfwalkers — Official Trailer l Apple TV+ by Apple TV on YouTube
"Wolfwalkers" is currently streaming on Apple TV.


8. "Sound of Metal"
Directed by Darius Marder.

Riz Ahmed gives a haunting performance as Ruben, a musician whose loss of hearing precludes his loss of identity. As he struggles to accept that his hearing may not be recoverable, he risks alienating both the community of deaf who seek to help him, and his singer-girlfriend whose career, he believes, may be compromised by his disability.

Director Darius Marder, who collaborated with Abraham Marder and Derek Cianfrance ("The Place Beyond the Pines," "Blue Valentine") on the story and screenplay, is extremely creative in dramatizing the auditory imbalance that Ruben experiences as his ears fail him more and more.

In this scene Ruben goes for a hearing test, grasping to understand what is being said:


Sound of Metal Clip 1 / Filmfest Hamburg by Filmfest Hamburg on YouTube
"Sound of Metal" is currently streaming via Amazon Prime Video.

9. "Soul"
Directed by Pete Docter; co-directed by Kemp Powers.

With such recent successes as "Inside Out" (which explored the makeup of personalities), "Ratatouille" (sensory delight) and "Coco" (travels to the afterlife), the Pixar animation studio returns to familiar territory for a story that pulls from all three. While "Soul" seems similar, it has a bracing and inventive narrative, about a middle-school music teacher, Joe (voiced by Jamie Foxx), who dreams of a successful jazz career. When Joe has an accident on the very day of his most promising gig, his soul leaves his body, and is desperate to find a way back.


Being a Pixar film, "Soul" is filled with humor and wondrous production and character design, in this case representing a dimension where new souls acquire their personalities before they are shipped off to Earth. There is also blissful music, from the score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross ("The Social Network") to the jazz compositions and arrangements by Jon Batiste.

In this scene Joe is introduced to a new soul, 22 (Tina Fey), who isn't ready for transit to Earth (and, we dare say, Earth may not be ready for 22):


SOUL | Twenty Two Clip | Official Disney & Pixar UK by Disney UK on YouTube
"Soul" is available to stream via Disney+.

10. "Lovers Rock" (U.K.)
Directed by Steve McQueen.

This short feature (packaged by Amazon as part of a series of films by McQueen, titled "Small Axe") recreates the atmosphere of a 1980 house party of West Indian immigrants in London. We see the preparations, almost smell the food cooking, and witness as men and women congregate, dance, and enjoy reggae music — and each other.

There is no real script per se, and the characters do not cut deep, but there is a tactile feel for the period, through the clothes, music and décor, expertly captured by cinematographer Shabier Kirchner, while the male-female tensions are timeless.

To watch a trailer for "Lovers Rock" click on the video player below:


Small Axe | Lovers Rock Trailer | Prime Video by Amazon Prime Video on YouTube
"Lovers Rock" is available to stream via Amazon Prime Video.


Special mention: "Hamilton"
Directed by Thomas Kail.

This stunning recording of the Broadway stage sensation was slated to have a theatrical release in 2021. But when the pandemic shuttered movie theaters — and postponed the summer release of the film version of Lin-Manuel Miranda's "In the Heights" — "Hamilton" was instead streamed on the Disney+ channel.

Having the revolutionary musical on our home screens, while reductive, made the story of the founding father more intimate, and the closeups of the actors capture their artistry in all its grandeur. At least, you didn't have to hope for a lottery win to score tickets to be in the room where it happens.

Clip: "The Room Where It Happens" featuring Tony Award-winner Leslie Odom Jr. as Aaron Burr.


"The Room Where It Happens" Official Clip 2 | Hamilton | Disney+ by Walt Disney Studios on YouTube
But "Hamilton" also prompts a discussion of what exactly a movie is nowadays. With cinemas closed and many productions released straight to video-on-demand, what separates a "film" from the "content" that clogs our scrolling Netflix feed is becoming increasingly blurred. While the preferred method to watch a film will always be to gaze up at images projected on a giant blank wall, where you can give yourself over to the story without distraction, a laptop will have to do if you don't want to chance spreading the infection to yourself or others. No movie (not even the Imax-sized "Tenet") is worth that risk.

With regard to "Hamilton," there is little in the way of adaptation to a standard movie musical format, as Hollywood typically does; rather, it preserves the original Broadway cast, staging and costumes, as contained on the stage of the Richard Rodgers Theatre, for which future generations can be grateful. But just as the show was a touchstone in musical theater, perhaps this recording of "Hamilton" will become a touchstone in a new kind of filmed performance, with no allegiance to realism or naturalism (as we have come to expect from movies, even fantastical ones). True, "First Cow" and "Nomadland" would be nowhere if they didn't travel where they did, but do we always need all the world as a stage, when you have ... a stage? 

      
See also: 

RIP Ennio Morricone. Listen to 10 essential film scores by the Italian composer.


Science
The air got cleaner in 2020, thanks to the pandemic
By Jeff Berardelli

November 19, 2020 / 4:40 PM EST / CBS News


The global pandemic has changed the way people live and work: fewer miles on the road commuting and in the air traveling, and a reduction in industry. The result? Cleaner air, with less haze and heat-trapping greenhouse gases, according to one report. 

The U.S. is on track to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from burning fossil fuels by more than 9% in 2020 compared with last year, according to research firm BloombergNEF. The last time yearly emissions were this low was 1983, nearly four decades ago. 

While the reductions were driven by a combination of decreases in various sectors, including power and industry, the largest drop was transportation, which declined 14% from 2019.

Reductions like this — if sustained — help fight climate change by trapping less heat in the atmosphere. More heat trapped leads to higher global temperatures.

But the report also contains bad news: Emissions from the historic wildfire season in the western U.S., which is partially driven by climate change, have been four times higher than the yearly average. 

acres-burned-new.png 
CBS News
That jump in wildfire activity will offset the U.S. economy-wide emissions drop by about 3%. But the U.S. should still post a 6.5% total decrease in emissions this year, according to the BloombergNEF report.


That is almost the amount that experts say society needs to reduce emissions on a global scale for each of the next 10 years to keep the worldwide increase in temperature to less than 3 degrees Fahrenheit and avoid the worst impacts of climate change.

Because the pandemic's effects will linger into 2021, the report predicts U.S. emissions will be down 5% next year compared with 2019 levels.

But a drop in emissions for a couple of years is merely a drop in the bucket. That's because greenhouse gases accumulate in the atmosphere and it is the cumulative emissions that determine how hot the planet gets and how bad the impacts of climate change become.

Although China currently contributes the most emissions, according to the report, the U.S. is responsible for almost twice the cumulative emissions of any other nation since the start of the Industrial Revolution.


The short term economic disruption caused by COVID-19 has inadvertently put the U.S. back on track to meet its commitments in the Paris Agreement, which President Donald Trump announced in 2017 he would pull the country from. 

The U.S. is the only nation to drop out, but President-elect Joe Biden has said he will take action Day One to rejoin the pact.

Once COVID-19 restrictions lift, the return of people to work and cars on the roads will make maintaining the 2020 emissions reductions needed to keep global warming below international goals. 

If the nation does rejoin the Paris Agreement, the BloombergNEF report says the U.S. will need stronger policy commitments outside of the power sector in order to hit its 2025 target. In other words, the U.S. will need to drastically reduce its dependence on fossil fuels to reach international goals.

The international community is getting an assist from renewable energy because it is now the cheapest form of energy on the planet, according to the International Energy Agency's 2020 Outlook, but experts say governments will need to implement robust policies to guide markets.

ClimateWatch: Climate Change News & Features More 
Air conditioner 
More Americans having to choose between food and energy bills
TOPSHOT-US-VOTE-POLITICS-DEMOCRATIC-CONVENTION 
7 takeaways from the Democratic Party platform on climate
 
Funeral for glaciers lost to climate change
US-NEWS-MINING-COMPANY-IS-HUNTING-FOR-4-LV 
Judge blocks lithium drilling Arizona tribe says threatens sacred lands
In: COVID-19

U.S.
The record-shattering 2020 hurricane season, explained
By Jeff Berardelli

November 20, 2020 / 10:33 AM EST / CBS News


Like so many other aspects of 2020, the Atlantic hurricane season hurled one shocking event after another, pushing the limits of what meteorologists thought was possible. Even as longtime records were falling and meteorologists felt as though they'd seen it all, 2020 had more tricks up its sleeve.

From the total number of storms to the rapid intensification and multiple landfalls, the records set in 2020 will likely stand for quite some time. What follows is a recap of the season's most astonishing milestones with an explanation of the factors that led to the events in this unprecedented season. Some of those factors are natural occurrences, while some are the result of human impact on the climate.

Most storms in a season
So far, the 2020 Atlantic hurricane season has spawned 30 tropical storms, forcing forecasters to dig deep into the Greek alphabet for names, having run out of the assigned names in the middle of September. This breaks the former record set in 2005 of 28 named storms. A typical season only produces 12 named storms, so 2020 has already seen two and a half times more than average.

The 2020 Atlantic Hurricane Season to date: pic.twitter.com/kY7nb3A1ea

— Tomer Burg (@burgwx) November 17, 2020
And there's still time for more storms. Hurricane season officially ends November 30, but  systems can and do form in December. So we're likely to add another couple of storms to the season total before the year is out.

From the beginning there was unanimous agreement among seasonal forecasters this past spring that 2020 would be an active season, with leading climate scientist Dr. Michael Mann of Penn State publishing the most aggressive forecast, predicting up to 24 storms. What seemed like a bold prediction at the time was not nearly bold enough. 

The unanimous expectations last spring illustrate that all of the variables that portend an active season appeared to be emerging months ahead of time. In fact, they not only emerged, but overlapped with one another. Everything just came together. 

North Atlantic sea surface temperatures were, and continue to be, far above normal in the entire basin, providing high-octane fuel to developing storms. Also, the West African monsoon, which ejects tropical disturbances into the far eastern Atlantic, some of which become hurricanes, was exceptionally active this summer. 

In the main development region of the Tropical Atlantic, surface pressures are among the lowest in the historical record; low pressure equates to storminess. Lastly, there was an absence of El Niño in the Tropical Pacific. It is a well established fact that El Niño events tend to kill Atlantic hurricanes because of the strong upper-level winds (wind shear) they produce. This year El Niño's opposite developed — La Niña — yielding a calm environment with less wind shear, which helped nurture developing storms. 

Then there's the elephant in the room: human-caused climate change. 

Since 1900, Tropical Atlantic ocean temperatures have increased by 2 degrees Fahrenheit. While it's clear warmer ocean temperatures make storms stronger, there's still vigorous debate among top climate scientists on the question of whether warmer waters lead to a greater number of tropical systems. 

 "My colleagues and I feel that the jury is very much out on the topic of global tropical cyclone frequency," said Dr. Kerry Emanuel from MIT, a leading researcher on how climate change affects hurricanes. While this Atlantic season was extreme, he points out that what we see in the Atlantic Basin is not representative of the rest of the globe. "Only about 12 percent of the world's tropical cyclones occur in the Atlantic, and globally it has not been a very exceptional year."

Mann agrees, but leans towards what he feels is the more compelling research he's seen, which points to more active seasons due to warming in the Atlantic. While some studies have found the opposite — suggesting a warming climate may lead to a decrease in storm numbers — Mann believes they used models that are insufficient to resolve the full spectrum of storms, which may have led to unrealistic results. 

Mann says because of the exponential relationship between warming and evaporation, the formation of tropical systems is not linear. Instead, he says, it is "threshold like," and his view is that "a warmer world is likely to see far greater tropical cyclogenesis," referring to the formation of tropical storms.   

For tropical storms to form, sea surface temperatures need to reach about 80 degrees Fahrenheit. It would stand to reason that since global warming has pushed sea surface temperatures up by 2 degrees in the Tropical Atlantic, then that threshold would be reached more often, in more geographical locations and at both earlier and later points in the season, breeding more spin-ups.   

Most storms to rapidly strengthen
While the first half of the 2020 season included incessant storms, they were mainly weak. That changed during peak season, August through October, and especially this autumn, no doubt owing partially to the development of the Pacific La Niña and the fact that the storms developed in the Caribbean — as they typically do during the fall — where some of the hottest waters in this hemisphere reside.

Six of the last seven systems experienced rapid intensification — defined as an increase in winds of 35 mph in 24 hours. This would be unusual at any time of the year, but the fact that these were all Greek alphabet systems, having occurred so late in the season, makes it all the more remarkable.

In total, 10 systems met the criteria for rapid intensification in 2020, tying a record established in the active 1995 season. 


Even more impressive is that a record four systems "rapidly deepened" in 2020, meaning the pressure dropped more than 40 millibars in 24 hours. The two fastest pressure drops came at the tail-end of the season in November, when activity usually wanes — Hurricane Eta followed by Hurricane Iota.


Simply put, this is unprecedented. But if you dig into the data the reason is clear. The western Caribbean is already the home to the highest ocean heat content in this part of the world. But climate change is quickly boosting that heat past thresholds which were rarely reached in the past. The warmer the water, the stronger a storm can get. 

The trend is clear in the red line below, showing the quick upward trend in the number of late-season days where sea surface temperatures exceed 83 degrees Fahrenheit.


This is also supported by science. In Emanuel's 2017 paper, he finds that a storm intensifying 70 mph in the 24 hours before landfall — a feat almost accomplished by Iota — used to occur only once per century as of the late 1900s, but by later this century it will happen once every 5 to 10 years. And this 2018 paper finds that rapid intensification has increased by 4.4 mph per decade since the 1980s, meaning if a hurricane increased its winds by 40 mph per day in 1980, then it would be likely to intensify by 60 mph per day now.

Seven Category 5 storms in 5 years
Until mid-November, one check-box left unchecked this season was a Category 5 hurricane. That changed when Hurricane Iota attained winds of 160 mph. It is the most intense storm on record that late in an Atlantic hurricane season. 

In each of the last five hurricane seasons we have seen at least one Category 5 hurricane — seven of them in total. This is a significant feat considering that in the last 170 years, the National Hurricane Center estimates there have only been 37 Category 5 storms. This means the chance of any given year yielding a Category 5, historically, is only about 20%.


For the 1st time on record (since 1851), we have 5 straight years with a Category 5 #hurricane in the Atlantic.

2016: Matthew
2017: Irma/Maria
2018: Michael
2019: Dorian/Lorenzo
Now in 2020, #Iota.

The latest we've ever recorded a Cat. 5 in a year. Just the 2nd in November. pic.twitter.com/ejZiILvZm2

— Jake Carstens (@JakeCarstens) November 16, 2020
It's not coincidence, it's climate change. In the past 120 years the Tropical Atlantic has warmed 2 degrees Fahrenheit. Theoretically, for every 2-degree Fahrenheit increase in ocean warming, a storm can gain almost 20 mph in peak wind speed. 

The latest research supports this trend in stronger storms. In a paper published earlier this year, NOAA's Dr. James Kossin found major hurricanes (Category 3, 4 and 5) are indeed increasing. Kossin told CBS News, "Globally, there's about a 25% greater chance now that a hurricane will be at major hurricane intensity than four decades ago. In the Atlantic there's about twice the chance."


This matters because the power and corresponding damage potential of a hurricane increases exponentially as the winds increase. In fact, 85% of the damage from all hurricanes is caused by the major hurricanes. So, if you have stronger hurricanes you are likely to have exponentially more damage.

Record U.S. landfalls
So far this season there have been 12 U.S. landfalls, shattering the old record of nine set in 2016. In what was a relentless season for people living near the Gulf of Mexico, nine of this year's landfalls happened along the U.S. Gulf Coast and five of them occurred in Louisiana.

#Eta becomes the 12th named storm, and first in Florida, to make landfall on the U.S. mainland in 2020. This further creates separation from the previous record (9) set in 1916. pic.twitter.com/hEElsPOU1t

— Steve Bowen (@SteveBowenWx) November 9, 2020
And in what may be the most freakish of occurrences, dual hurricane landfalls occurred just miles from each other on three occasions: Laura and Delta in Louisiana, Delta and Zeta in Mexico's Yucatan, and Eta and Iota in Nicaragua. 


Where 2020 fell short
While 2020 overperformed in nearly every category, there is one surprising statistic which was not all that impressive: Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE). This is a widely used metric for meteorologists to estimate the intensity of a hurricane season because it is an aggregation of the strength and longevity of all storms.

To be sure, ACE was far above the normal season, but it fell far short of what would be expected for 30 storms. To date, the total ACE for the 2020 hurricane season is 178, nowhere near the record of 245 set in 2005. That's because 2005 also had four Category 5 hurricanes, compared to only one this year; more hurricanes overall than 2020; and longer lasting storms, too. 

The 2004 season, featuring hurricanes Charley and Ivan, had only half the number of storms of 2020 yet produced more ACE. 


So why did 2020 underperform in the ACE department? One reason is that the first half of the season produced mostly weak systems. And unlike 2005, when many of the hurricanes were long-track storms, most of the strongest storms in 2020 formed closer to land so they did not last as long. This was especially true for the end-of-season Greek alphabet named storms, many of which formed in the Caribbean and made landfall shortly thereafter. They just did not have the time to accumulate as much ACE.


While many of the records set in 2020 will likely stay in the record books for years to come, one thing is certain: As long as society continues to release heat-trapping greenhouse pollution, climate change will continue to power hurricane seasons that defy the odds. 



U.S.
U.S. to shatter record for billion-dollar climate disasters in 2020
By Jeff Berardelli

December 10, 2020 / 4:20 PM EST / CBS News


From social justice protests to politics to the pandemic, 2020 has been unprecedented in any number of ways. And although it didn't always receive top billing, the climate crisis and the extreme weather that comes along with it also escalated to levels not experienced before. The U.S. experienced major disasters like the western wildfires, a record-breaking hurricane season and the mid-summer Midwest derecho that caused extensive damage.

So far this year, NOAA's National Center for Environmental Information (NCEI) says the U.S. has been bombarded by 16 different weather and climate-related disasters with a financial toll of one billion dollars or more — tied for the most with 2011 and 2017. However, the events included in this year's count have only been tabulated through the end of September and are expected to blow past that number once the final result is released in early January.

In a webinar organized by Climate Central on Thursday, Adam Smith, the head of NCEI's Billion Dollar Weather and Climate effort, said he expects "we will shatter the previous record," far outpacing the yearly average of 6.6 such events and potentially reaching a total of 20 individual disasters each which cost a billion dollars or more. 

This is the sixth consecutive year in which the U.S. has experienced 10 or more billion-dollar weather and climate-related disasters.

2020bdd-top5-en-title-lg.jpg 
Climate Central
Steve Bowen is a meteorologist and head of catastrophe insight for Aon PLC, a professional services firm focused on risk. He says these losses are escalating due to two main factors: more intense or "unusual" events, and more people and "stuff" in harm's way. 


The more intense and usual events are powered by excess heat energy being trapped in the ecosystem by greenhouse gases from the burning of fossil fuels. But Bowen says the location of where people are moving has really amplified disaster costs as well.

"Some of the fastest-growing areas of the country include parts of the Southeast, Plains, Rockies, and the West that have been historically prone to high-impact events like hurricanes, severe convective storms, flooding, and wildfires," said Bowen. "If you add more people into regions that are the most vulnerable to direct impacts from climate change-influenced events, you're setting the stage for more risk and subsequent human and physical costs."

While the frequency of these events matter, Bowen says what is more meaningful is the location and intensity of these events because that is what drives the risk. 

The most notable such events this year were the wildfires in the West, the multitude of hurricane landfalls along the Gulf Coast, and the extremely strong derecho in the Midwest. All of these were beyond modern precedent and all were in areas where population is expanding and assets are becoming more valuable.

billion-dollar-disaster-climate-events.jpg 
NOAA
Professor Stephen M. Strader, a severe storms meteorologist and expert on hazards and disaster at Villanova University, agrees with Bowen and says it is difficult to separate the climate hazard event and the societal exposure and vulnerability aspects of disasters. Therefore, we can't say what proportion of the increase in damage is due to climate change and what proportion is due to greater exposure, but he says  each play a vital role and are also rapidly changing. 


"Together, this is not just a recipe for disaster, it's a recipe for repetitive disasters," Strader said.

"Ignoring the effects of a changing climate, our expanding developed footprint alone is driving an uptick in hazard impact magnitude, frequency, and disaster losses," explains Strader. This expanding footprint of developed areas is something he calls the expanding bullseye — an illustration of how our population is moving into areas where greater hazards exist.

bullseye.jpg 
Illustration of how expanding populations are at increased risk due to climate hazards.
Stephen Strader and Walker Ashley
Wildfires 
According NOAA and Climate Central, the greatest damage in 2020 came from the most severe fire season on record, which doubled the typical amount of acres burned. The vast majority of wildfires happened in the western states, where California endured 5 of its 6 largest fires on record and Colorado had 3 of its 4 largest wildfires on record. Scientists blame the longer and more intense fire seasons on warming and drying due to climate change.

The American Red Cross says wildfires and hurricanes contributed to a record need for emergency shelter this year.

Hurricanes
The Atlantic hurricane season was the busiest on record with 30 named storms. Of those, a record 12 systems made landfall in the U.S. The Gulf Coast was hit by 9, shattering the previous record. While these landfalls significantly contributed to the damage totals, none of the strongest hurricanes hit a densely populated U.S. city like Houston, Tampa or Miami. 

In years past the greatest economic cost came from major hurricanes like Harvey, which impacted densely-populated Houston, costing an estimated $125 billion. That is why 2017, about $450 billion in damage, stands out as one of the years with the greatest damage. 

This year the total figure will be more modest. So far, the total up through September is estimated at $46.6 billion. Smith expects the total number may reach $100 billion and enter the top 5 costliest years, though still far less than the $450 billion cost in 2017 — and an illustration of just how significant a factor intense events hitting population centers are. Smith notes that these damage assessments do not include the human cost, either the loss of life or the impact to health.


Midwest derecho
For a meteorologist, perhaps the most memorable event of the year was the August derecho — a storm Smith described as an inland hurricane — which plowed a path 800 miles long and 40 miles wide through Iowa and Illinois. A broad area experienced hurricane-force winds, sometimes lasting 50 minutes, with gusts reaching 140 mph. 

So far the damage from the derecho is estimated at $7.5 billion, but Smith expects that total to climb as more data is tallied. While this event was not caused by climate change, there is some evidence it was made stronger by it.

billion-dollar-climate-disasters.jpg 
Climate Central
"The greatest existential threat"
2020 makes clear just how vulnerable humans have become to the growing ferocity of natural disasters, which will only continue to escalate in a warming world.

"Much of the news about 2020 disasters and the associated records will likely be overshadowed by the pandemic, politics, societal issues, etc.," said Strader. "But lurking in the background is the greatest existential threat facing humankind, climate change. One just has to look at the number of disasters and losses we've witnessed this year. We shouldn't lose sight of this."




Sunday Morning
​Hail and farewell to those we lost in 2020
sunday-morning
December 27, 2020 / 9:47 AM EST / CBS News

"Sunday Morning" pays tribute to the creative, inspiring and newsworthy men and women who passed away this year, who'd touched our lives in unforgettable ways. Lee Cowan reports:

"Sometimes, in our lives,
we all have pain,
we all have sorrow..."

Pain and sorrow – the calling cards of 2020. "Lean on Me" by Bill Withers provided us reassurance that tomorrow may be better. Although Withers left us at 81, his notes of solace helped during a year that wasn't even a month old before grief was already setting in. 

The death of 41-year-old Kobe Bryant, the L.A. Lakers phenom, along with his 13-year-old daughter and seven others, stunned everyone – basketball fans or not.

His passing became a moment of rare unity this year, with people from all walks of life joining together to both celebrate and to mourn.

Michael Jordan said, "Kobe was my dear friend. He was like a little brother."

Kobe Bryant, an NBA star who transcended sports, remembered around the world
Gallery: Kobe Bryant dead at 41: A life in pictures
"My momma always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're going to get"  

COVID was certainly the box we all wished we never got. But Winston Groom, who created Forrest Gump, reminded us through that character that challenges exist, to be overcome.

"Let me say this: Being an idiot is no box of chocolates, 'cause I reckon I done live a pretty interesting life," Groom said. "You don't have to be rich, and you don't have to be smart. You don't have to be famous to be dignified."

Dignity for Black Americans remained an unfinished struggle this year. The deaths of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery and Breonna Taylor — just to name a few — rekindled a movement for equality and justice not seen since the 1960s.

Congressman John Lewis was still fighting right to the end. "I got in trouble, good trouble. Necessary trouble," he said. "All of the suffering, all of the pain, the beating, the tear gas, it was worth it. If I had it to do all over again, I would march the same way."


After his brother, Medgar, was assassinated by White supremacists in 1963, Charles Evers tried to make change from within – running for Congress, then becoming a mayor. "Not for revenge, but to carry on, to fight for freedom for all mankind regardless of race, creed or color," he said.

We lost those who marched alongside Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., too: Reverends C.T. Vivian and Joseph Lowery.

Rev. Lowery gave the benediction at President Obama's inauguration: "We ask you to help us work for that day when Black will not be asked to 'get back.' When Brown can stick around, when Yellow will be mellow, when the Red man can get ahead, man. And the White will embrace what is right. Say amen, and amen!"

Rafer Johnson, who was the first Black American to captain a U.S. Olympic team in 1960, left us this year. His triumphant win in the decathlon is still talked about to this day.

Rock 'n' roll certainly wasn't immune to racism. "When I came on the scene, Black and White was segregated in dances and shows," said Little Richard. He couldn't always stay or eat where the White performers did, but his fans were of all colors. His energy was boundless, and so was his humor. At the 1988 Grammy Awards he announced a winner: "And the Best New Artist is ... me! I have never received nothing! Y'all ain't ever give me no Grammy and I been singing for years!"

Little Richard: An appreciation of the "Quasar of Rock 'n' Roll" ("Sunday Morning")
The Black Americans we celebrate like Jackie Robinson, James Brown and Thurgood Marshall surely would have been proud of Chadwick Boseman, who portrayed them all. "That's the reason why you act," Boseman said in 2013. "You want to be able to actually identify with the characters that you play and explore humanity."

Tributes pour in as celebrities and fans mourn the death of actor Chadwick Boseman
I am woman, hear me roar
In numbers too big to ignore
And I know too much to go back and pretend
'Cause I've heard it all before
And I've been down there on the floor
No one's ever gonna keep me down again

Gender equality lost some of its superheroes, too. Helen Reddy offered the soundtrack for the fight that she herself waged.

But there were few champions for women as influential as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. "I do not see myself at all as a legend; I see myself as a person who tries very hard to be a good judge," Ginsburg said.

In her 27 years on the Supreme Court, she expanded rights for women as well as men. Small in stature, a giant for us all.

"I will do this job as long as I feel that I could do it, full steam," she said.

The only thing tougher than Justice Ginsberg was the cancer that took her at age 87. 


The fight for equality took all forms. "For all minorities, for all people, it's just a never-ending battle to fight against the powers-that-be, to prove our worth and our place," said AIDS activist and playwright Larry Kramer.

He was often brash, but effective. Talking about the AIDS epidemic in 1982, Kramer told a reporter, "Most of the country doesn't know about this cancer."

Why? "Well, I think because it's a 'gay cancer.'"

Remembering Larry Kramer, an AIDS warrior on a soapbox and the stage
Kramer fought tirelessly, pressing the government and the public to care more about the gay community – much the way playwright Mart Crowley did. "Homosexuality was just not talked about," Crowley said.

It took him 50 years to see his portrayal of gay life, "The Boys in the Band," finally make it to Broadway. "It's just generally about the human spirit. Suddenly they're not just gay people, they're just people."

Playwright Mart Crowley on the revolutionary "The Boys in the Band" ("Sunday Morning")
Few wrote that storyline better than playwright Terrence McNally, whose tales of love of all kinds won him five Tony Awards, including one for Lifetime Achievement.

From 1995: Terrence McNally, Zoe Caldwell on "Master Class" ("Sunday Morning")
Broadway has been dark for months now, but we pause to give thanks to all the creatives we lost, who lit up our world this year nonetheless:

Ann Reinking ("Chicago")

Nick Cordero ("Bullets Over Broadway")

Zoe Caldwell ("Master Class")

Brian Dennehy ("Death of a Salesman")

From 2007: Brian Dennehy on the best part of acting ("Sunday Morning")
Rebecca Luker ("The Music Man")

Performers couldn't play in front of live audiences this year, and that made us miss their talents all the more … especially legends like folk singer John Prine. 

When I get to Heaven,
I'm going to shake God's hand.
I'm going to thank him for more blessings
than one man can stand"

With his nasal, raspy voice, he was often compared to Bob Dylan, who himself was a fan. "Well, I considered myself a writer," Prine said, "so I thought, why can't I be any character I want to be?"

John Prine, the "Singing Mailman," delivers again ("Sunday Morning")
John Prine: At home with the songwriting legend
In whatever genre, country or pop, the bourbon-smooth voice of Kenny Rogers brought us ballads about gamblers, and lost souls searching for love. "I'm not a great singer," Rogers said in 2006, "but I'm a storyteller. If a song moves me, I can make it move other people." 

Kenny Rogers thinking about the future ("Sunday Morning")
Country music was largely an all-White venue, until Charley Pride ("Kiss an Angel Good Morning") came along. His records were huge sellers, and he'd just won a Country Music Association Lifetime Achievement Award. 

His music nourished our soul the way a good meal nourishes the body ... and few were better at that than Cecilia Chiang. Often called the Mother of Chinese food in America, her cooking must have been pretty healthy, because she lived to be 100. 

Cecilia Chiang, the mother of Chinese food in America ("Sunday Morning")
Slim Jims weren't necessarily healthy — Lon Adams didn't intend for them to be — but he sure knew how to package them in ways pretty hard to forget.

The artist Christo took presentation to new heights. He saw all the world as a package to be wrapped.

Passage: Remembering Christo ("Sunday Morning")
Gallery: The art of Christo (1935-2020)
Christo takes Manhattan ("60 Minutes")
But if you're going to dress up a landmark, nothing summed up a whole city better than Milton Glaser's "I ♥ NY" logo. It actually changed the way we say love. He died on his 91st birthday.

Passage: Graphic designer Milton Glaser, creator of the "I ♥ NY" logo ("Sunday Morning")
We lost a bit of magic, too, this year, starting with showman Roy Horn – half of the Siegfried and Roy duo – whose entertaining mix of magic and exotic animals dazzled the Las Vegas Strip for decades. "We have been called crazy, outrageous; now they call us colorful and eccentric!" he said.

Ms. Frizzle was certainly "colorful and eccentric"; she was the fictional teacher who drove The Magic School Bus to the delight of every child who read it. Her creator, author Joanna Cole, used her brand of magic to take kids to space – and even inside the human body.

"OK, so this is the experimental test setup for the myth that if you drink a bunch of Diet Coke and eat a bunch of mentos, your stomach will explode," explained Grant Imahara, one of the hosts of Discovery's "Mythbusters." He proved that science can answer all sorts of mysteries, like how to get to the moon.

NASA's Katherine Johnson figured that out, calculating just the right trajectory that got astronauts there and back, including Alfred Worden, one of those who certainly had all the "right stuff."

But it was test pilot Chuck Yeager who defined just what that meant, becoming the first man to break the sound barrier. He made testing the limits his life. "I figured that the airplane wouldn't bite me without giving me some sort of warning, and it worked out," he said.

The World War II fighter ace and Air Force general was 97.


Speaking of the sound barrier ... few cracked it like rocker Eddie Van Halen. He was a true guitar hero. He died from cancer at only 65.

We lost Rush drummer Neil Peart to cancer as well. He was, to some, the Van Halen of the drums – his highly technical solos were really a thing to behold.

Years before Pert, however, there was Viola Smith, hailed as the fastest girl drummer in the world. She played her drum kit wearing sequins.

But when it came to percussion, Ian Finkel says he stood alone. He was the world's greatest xylophonist, he said, because he was one of the few left — until COVID took him at age 72.

COVID also took Ellis Marsalis, the great jazz pianist who gave us a whole family of musicians, including Wynton Marsalis, the musician behind our theme song every Sunday morning.

From 2004: The Marsalis family's musical legacy ("Sunday Morning")
If there was ever a year we needed a laugh, this one was certainly it. One of the greats could even make the morbid funny. "First thing in the morning before I have coffee, I read the obits. Yes, if I'm not in it, I'll have breakfast," Carl Reiner told "Sunday Morning" in 2015.

Reiner was a comedian in his own right, but he made other people funny, too, as a writer, producer and director.

Carl Reiner: Still making us laugh ("Sunday Morning")
Golden Boys ("Sunday Morning")
There's funny, and then there's the absurd. ["Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam Lovely Spam Spam"]. Terry Jones, co-founder of Monty Python's Flying Circus, took his irreverent brand of humor to side-splitting extremes.

"How are we today?"
"Better …"
"Better?"
"Better get a bucket, I'm going to throw up!"

Monty Python's Terry Jones: An appreciation of a comic zealot
Contrast that with the gentleness of Walt Disney's entertainment. But when it came to Snow White, he couldn't have done it without Marge Champion. "Everything she does with her hands, or dances or picking up her dress, that's me," she said.

She was the dancer they used to draw those graceful moves. Snow White looked so real, because she was.

Real-life Snow White still the fairest
We lost the creators of Scooby-Doo, too – both of them within months of each other. Joe Ruby and Ken Spears envisioned a gang of teenagers and an ever-hungry Great Dane teaming up to solve ghostly mysteries. 

"I guess I could say there's good trash and there's bad trash. Bad trash are just shows that aren't well-executed," said Fred Silverman. "Scooby-Doo" was commissioned by Silverman, a top executive at CBS, as well as ABC, and NBC. He was one of the most powerful people in the industry – also behind hits like "All in the Family" and "Laverne and Shirley" … which lost one of its stars, too, this year.

David Lander, best known as Squiggy, left us at 73.

To all those who gave us plenty to watch, we bid a fond TV farewell:

Kellye Nakahara ("MASH")

Naya Rivera ("Glee")

James Drury ("The Virginian") 

Sam Lloyd ("Scrubs") 

James Lipton ("Inside the Actor's Studio")

Ken Osmond ("Leave It to Beaver") 

Conchata Ferrell ("Two-and-a-Half Men")

David Schramm ("Wings")

The holidays are tough without the ones we love – unless, that is, you celebrate Festivus: "You gather your family around, and tell them all the ways they have disappointed you over the past year!"

At 92, "Seinfeld" star Jerry Stiller, the father of actor Ben Stiller, is celebrating his invented holiday somewhere else this year.

For 37 years, Alex Trebek gave us the answers to questions yet posed as the unflappable host of "Jeopardy!" "It's the perfect television presentation of the great American Dream," he said.

He was a fixture in our living rooms. His cancer, however, left us all asking why him – and why so soon.

"Sounds impressive: I've got stage 4 cancer, not stage 1 for sissies. That's just beginner's cancer, I've got advanced!" he told Jane Pauley last year.

"Why are you making me laugh?" she asked.

"Well, what else are we going to do?"


But when it came to naming the most versatile TV personality, the "Jeopardy!" answer would have to be "Who is Regis Philbin?" He could do anything, with anyone, no matter the audience. He was everywhere on TV, logging thousands of hours of airtime. Everyone knew him simply as "Regis."

"Some people like a little anonymity in their lives, but it's very hard to do when you're on every day," he said.

From 2005: The iconic Regis Philbin ("Sunday Morning")
Like "Regis," another single name defined for generations just what it means to be both dangerous and suave: "Bond. James Bond." Sean Connery set the standard for all the 007s who would follow.

Passage: Remembering Sean Connery ("Sunday Morning")
But the life of a real British spy is something a little less glamorous. Author John le Carré should know, because, well, he was one. "With the Bond type of novel, the reader thinks, 'I wish I was him.' With the stuff I'm writing, they think, 'Oh Christ, I hope I'm not him!'" he laughed.

He turned his career experiences into a host of spy thrillers.

From 2019: In conversation with John le Carré ("Sunday Morning")
From 1996: The secret world of John le Carré ("Sunday Morning")
But le Carré's heroes weren't always flanked by Bond-type beauties. Margaret Nolan, who gave us the world-famous "Goldfinger" image, passed away at 76.

So did her fellow actress in "Goldfinger," Honor Blackman.

But it was Dame Diana Rigg who captivated the secret agent so much; 007 finally tied the knot.

In 2018 Anthony Mason asked Rigg, "What made you wanna be a Bond girl?"

"Oh, come on. Who wouldn't?" she replied.

Rigg would years later go on to captivate a new generation in "Game of Thrones."

"This is a very old and honorable profession," Rigg said of a life on stage and screen. "And you should have a sense of privilege about being in it, because we answer a very profound need in society."

Diana Rigg on life before and after "The Avengers" ("Sunday Morning")
Gallery: Diana Rigg 1938-2020
And some of those who answered that need enjoyed the longest lives.

Olivia de Havilland, who was immortalized in "Gone with the Wind" and went on to become a treasured screen actress, left us at the age of 104.

Kirk Douglas, the original chiseled chin, had a commanding, often muscular presence in just about everything he did. He made it to 103.

Gallery: Kirk Douglas 1916-2020
To all those who took us somewhere we couldn't go ourselves, we bid a fond goodbye:

Diana Serra Cary ("Baby Peggy" of silent films)

Rhonda Fleming ("A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court") 

Shirley Knight ("Sweet Bird of Youth")

David Prowse (Darth Vader in the original "Star Wars" trilogy)

Jeremy Bulloch (Boba Fett, "The Empire Strikes Back")

Kelly Preston ("Jerry Maguire") 

Thomas Jefferson Byrd ("Get on the Bus")

Ian Holm ("Alien," "The Lord of the Rings")

Max von Sydow ("The Seventh Seal," "The Exorcist")

Max von Sydow: The actor who commands silence ("CBS This Morning")
Esther Scott ("Boyz n the Hood") 

Irrfan Khan ("Life of Pi")

"I suppose, in the end, the whole of life becomes an act of letting go," Khan's character said in 2012's "Life of Pi." "But what always hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye."

Journalism lost some of its brightest stars, too.

You might know Jim Lehrer from the "PBS News Hour," but he was also known for his skill in moderating presidential debates. We lost him this year. 

Remembering Jim Lehrer ("CBS Evening News")

… as well as journalist and author Gail Sheehy. Her book "Passages" gave us a road map to adult life: "I had to know, what was going to happen at the next stage, and the next stage, and the next stage."

Gail Sheehy's "Sex & the Seasoned Woman" ("The Early Show")
Our family here at CBS News is a bit smaller this year. 

Bert Quint took us around the world as a foreign correspondent.

Bill Small was CBS' tireless Washington Bureau Chief through the civil rights movement, Watergate and Vietnam. 

And Maria Mercader, a network news veteran, was one of the earliest victims of COVID – and she was a friend to us all.

For all its faults, 2020 did remind us of the gift of giving. 

Doris Buffett, the elder sister to billionaire Warren Buffett, gave her money (as well as his) to good causes everywhere. "I just feel like I have a job to do," she said, "and if I do it right, other people, there are going to be hundreds, thousands of homes, that will be improved. Children will have chances. Women will have chances."

Doris Buffett goes for broke to help city ("CBS Evening News")
"We're livin' in tough times. We need hope," said art dealer Forrest Fenn. He sent people scampering through the Rocky Mountains looking for a chest full of gold nuggets and jewels he had hidden for anyone to find. After 10 years someone finally found his treasure, just three months before Fenn died.

"We need to know that somewhere out there, there's a rainbow with a pot of gold at the end of it," Fenn said.

The hunt for Forrest Fenn's treasure ("Sunday Morning")
I can see clearly now the rain is gone
I can see all obstacles in my way
Gone are the dark clouds that had me blind
It's gonna be a bright, bright sunshiny day

If there's any treasure the rest of us can bank on after this dark year, it's that courage and kindness usually triumph in the end. Johnny Nash, who left us at 80 this year, sang of a "bright sunshiny day."



U.S.
Thousands gather for 2020 March on Washington
By Audrey McNamara

Updated on: August 28, 2020 / 5:08 PM EDT / CBS News


Fifty-seven years after Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech at the March on Washington, the families of Black Americans shot or killed by police officers spoke at the same site Friday, the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. The families of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Eric Garner and Jacob Blake joined Reverend Al Sharpton and Martin Luther King III at the Commitment March: Get Your Knee off Our Necks, which drew an estimated thousands. 

The march, organized by the National Action Network, was calling for racial justice and police reform. Sharpton first announced plans for the march during a memorial service for George Floyd, the 46-year-old father who died at the hands of police in Minneapolis in May.

"George Floyd's story has been the story of Black folks because ever since 401 years ago, the reason we could never be who we wanted and dreamed to be is you kept your knee on our neck," Sharpton said at the service in June. "It's time for us to stand up in George's name and say, 'Get your knee off our necks!'"

George Floyd's brother, Philonise Floyd, told the crowd Friday he was overwhelmed by the support, and said he wished "George were here to see this right now." His sister, Bridgett Floyd, said, "we have to be the change."

The mothers of Dontre Hamilton, Trayvon Martin and Ahmaud Arbery also spoke. 


"Even though we're going through a crisis, even though it looks dark, I want to tell you to be encouraged," said Martin's mother Sybrina Fulton. "Don't stop saying Black lives matter, don't stop protesting," she said. 

In the months since Floyd's death, Black Lives Matter marches have proliferated across the country. Protesters continue to call for justice for the officers charged in Floyd's death, and those involved in other controversial cases including the death of Breonna Taylor, who was shot and killed by officers in her own home in Louisville, and Elijah McClain, who died after a police chokehold in Aurora, Colorado, last summer.

Protests erupted again this week following the shooting of Jacob Blake in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Blake, a 29-year-old Black man, was hospitalized after police shot him several times in the back as he opened the door of his parked car. Attorneys for his family say he is now paralyzed.


Blake's father spoke at the march on Friday, and used it as an opportunity to "hold court" against systematic racism in America. "We're going to have court right now. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Racism against all of us. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty," he said. "… And we're not taking it anymore."


"We're going to stand up, every Black person in the United States is going to stand up," he said. "We're tired. I'm tired of looking at cameras and seeing these young Black and Brown people suffer."

His words, spoken on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, come 57 years after his own father attended the original March on Washington, according to Blake. "I have a duty," he said. "I have a duty to support and understand each one — I love everybody in this crowd, I love you."


Democratic vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris recorded brief remarks for the march that played during the event on Friday.

Harris, who tweeted her address Thursday night, said that if civil rights activists from the 1960s were here today, they "would share in our anger and frustration as we continue to see Black men and women slain in our streets and left behind by an economy and justice system that have too often denied Black folks our dignity and rights." 

"They would share our anger and pain, but no doubt they would turn it into fuel," Harris continued. "They would be lacing up their shoes, locking arms and continuing right alongside us to continue in this ongoing fight for justice."

Harris said Americans are once again in a position to make history. "The road ahead is not going to be easy," she said, adding, "we have an opportunity to make history, right here and right now."

Other lawmakers spoke about the need to pass legislation crafted to confront racial injustice. Texas Congressman Sheila Jackson Lee asked the crowd, "how did this happen?" answering, "because of institutional racism." Lee urged for the passage of her bill H.R. 40, which would establish a commission to "study and develop reparation proposals for African-Americans."


Congresswoman Joyce Beatty, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, demanded that the Voting Rights Act of 1965 be fully restored. The act established federal oversight of election laws in states with a history of racial discrimination, but key sections of the legislation were struck down by the Supreme Court in 2013.

The late Congressman John Lewis spent much of his life fighting for voting rights and was a champion of the act, which passed in part because of his march in Selma, Alabama. Lewis continued to fight for its restoration until his death in July. 

"We are here today because people died, and were denied basic civil rights," Beatty said. "... John Lewis left us with marching orders."

Reverend Al Sharpton also invoked Lewis in his speech. With a nod to his advocacy of getting into "good trouble," Sharpton said, "we didn't come to start trouble, we came to stop trouble."

"Black lives matter," Sharpton said. "And we won't stop until it matters to everybody."




Tim Perry contributed to this report.


Face The Nation
Full transcript of "Face the Nation" on August 23, 2020
face-the-nation
August 23, 2020 / 1:35 PM EDT / CBS News


On this "Face the Nation" broadcast moderated by Margaret Brennan:

James Comey, Former FBI Director
Ronna McDaniel, Republican National Committee Chair
Eric Garcetti, Mayor of Los Angeles
Dr. Robert Robbins, President of the University of Arizona
Dr. Scott Gottlieb, Former FDA Commissioner
Click here to browse full transcripts of "Face the Nation."

MARGARET BRENNAN: I'm Margaret Brennan in Washington. And this week on FACE THE NATION, halfway through this year's unconventional political conventions, the spotlight turns to the Republicans to make their case that President Trump deserves a second term. With the Democratic convention now a wrap, its message was loud and clear and far more negative than in years past. But in 2020, there is no business as usual.
 
JOE BIDEN: The current President has cloaked America in darkness for much too long. Too much anger. Too much fear. Too much division.
 
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: This administration has shown it will tear our democracy down if that's what it takes for them to win.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: The contrast will be stark. A new CBS News poll shows very different views from Republicans.
 
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Make sure your vote gets counted. Make sure because the only way we're going to lose this election is if the election is rigged.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: That kind of talk from Mister Trump has fueled a furious political battle over the Postal Service. We'll have the latest on efforts to ensure your vote gets counted. Plus, we'll hear what the GOP has planned this week from the head of the Republican Party, Ronna McDaniel. Biden national campaign co-chair and Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti will also join us. And will the convention be overshadowed by the stunning arrest of former Trump White House aide in 2016 campaign strategist Steve Bannon. He's been charged with fraud in a fundraising scheme to build the President's border wall. This, as the Republican-led Senate Intelligence Committee concluded that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort's ties to Russia pose a "…grave counterintelligence threat" during the 2016 campaign. We'll talk with the former head of the FBI James Comey. We'll get the latest on the coronavirus from former FDA Commissioner Doctor Scott Gottlieb, then talk with the president of the University of Arizona Robert Robbins as some schools are forced to make dramatic changes in their COVID-era learning plans as students head back to school.
 
It's all just ahead on FACE THE NATION.
 
Good morning and welcome to FACE THE NATION. With just ten weeks to go until Election Day, former Vice President Joe Biden has maintained his ten-point lead over President Trump following the Democratic convention. That's according to our CBS News Battleground Tracker. And there is yet another scandal facing the President on the eve of his convention, new audio recordings have surfaced of President Trump's sister Maryanne Trump Barry sharing some candid thoughts about her brother. CBS News has obtained those tapes and as of, yet, we have not independently verified their authenticity. White House correspondent Weijia Jiang reports.
 
WEIJIA JIANG (CBS News White House Correspondent/@weijia): Margaret, the recordings paint President Trump as a liar who does not read and even paid someone to take his SATs. This morning White House chief of staff Mark Meadows brushed off the statements on ABC saying just another day, and another attack.
 
(Begin VT)
 
MARY TRUMP: That existed--
 
WEIJIA JIANG: President Trump's niece, Mary Trump, who recently released a book criticizing her uncle, allegedly recorded conversation she had with her aunt in 2018 and 2019. Maryanne Trump Barry was a federal judge at the time and said her brother is, quote, "cruel."
 
MARYANNE TRUMP BARRY: All he wants to do is appeal to his base, he has no principles, none, none. And his base, I mean, my God, if you are a religious person you want to help people, not do this.
 
WEIJIA JIANG: President Trump spent the week waging a personal war on mail-in voting.
 
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: This will be the greatest catastrophe, one of the greatest catastrophes in the history of our country. That's how serious it is. And they also think I'm trying to steal an election. Just the opposite: I want the fair results of an election.
 
WEIJIA JIANG: But Democrats are convinced the President is trying to control the outcome of the election by slashing resources to the U.S. Postal Service, which could cause balance to be delivered too late to count.
 
REPRESENTATIVE NANCY PELOSI: Don't pay any attention to what the President is saying, because it is all designed to suppress the vote.
 
MAN: The bill is passed.
 
WEIJIA JIANG: In a rare summer Saturday session, House lawmakers passed an emergency measure to send the Postal Service twenty-five billion dollars to help process ballots. Republican lawmakers agreed with President Trump.
 
REPRESENTATIVE DREW FERGUSON (R-Georgia): This bill is a sham. We are piling up money we might as well put it on the national ball-- National Mall and have a bonfire.
 
WEIJIA JIANG: The bill would also reverse recent operational changes that resulted in nationwide mail delays, forcing the return of machines and mailboxes that were already removed. A new CBS News Battleground Tracker finds three-fourths of Republicans believe they are better off now than they were four years ago. Republicans also agree with Mister Trump's handling of the economy with sixty-seven percent saying it's in good condition.
 
(End VT)
 
WEIJIA JIANG: President Trump plans to participate every night of the Republican National Convention, which kicks off tomorrow. Campaign officials say he will present a contrast the, quote, "dim and dark view" of the country that Democrats offered. And the President's chief of staff promises Americans will see a new side of the President. Margaret.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Weijia, thank you.
 
We turn now to Republican National Committee Chair Ronna McDaniel. She joins us from Charlotte. Good morning to you.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL (Republican National Committee Chair/@GOPChairwoman): Good morning. Great to be with you.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I know you're quite busy. The RNC nomination, formally, of President Trump is scheduled for tomorrow. Will he be in Charlotte at all? Can you tell us anything about what to expect?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: Well, he will be in North Carolina, unlike Joe Biden, who didn't go to Wisconsin, the state where he held his convention. The President has an event planned in Asheville. He hasn't confirmed if he's going to come by Charlotte yet, but we have the delegates here.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: The AP is reporting that the secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, will be addressing the forum from Israel where he's on official business. This lineup, when you start hearing about cabinet members being involved-- I mean, first of all, it's very unusual for a diplomat to get involved in domestic politics. But this starts to look like using taxpayer-funded federal resources for a campaign. Will taxpayers be reimbursed?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: I can only tell you, Margaret, that the events that we've put forward from the RNC and the campaign are going to be paid for by the convention from-- from-- of the RNC and the campaign. You know, everything that we've put together has changed because of COVID. The President rightly said we're going to leave Jacksonville because we don't want to have resources taken away from a city that's dealing with a pandemic. And he brought it back to the White House, which is his residence.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: And it's being paid for by the Republican National Committee and the campaign, not the taxpayers.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: So, you are confirming that Pompeo's trip will be reimbursed by the campaign?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: I-- I am not confirming anything having to do with Secretary Pompeo's trip. I am just saying the programming, the staging, everything that we're doing will be paid for by the Republican National Committee and the campaign.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: You will have, as you said, some in-person activity there in Charlotte. I heard you have something like three hundred people gathering there for official business. How are you going to protect them all from COVID? This is a mass gathering.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: You know, Margaret, I think it's really important to understand that the Democrats and Joe Biden just said we're going to shut this country down again. And that is a really elite view of America right now. Now from a safety perspective, we tested everybody before they came to Charlotte. We have been testing people on site. We are doing the things that are allowing people to live their lives, have a convention and do it in a healthy and safe way--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: --which most Americans are doing going back to work because they're going to the grocery store, as they're going to hospitals. This is a realistic way of opening up our country and doing it in a health-- healthy and safe way. And the Democrats are saying, shut it all down. Well, that's easy for Hollywood celebrities and privileged politicians but that's not good for average Americans.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to ask you about the election itself. The President has said he expects this to be one of the most fraudulent, if not the most fraudulent in history. He's against mail-in ballots, but the Republican Party in Iowa has mailed absentee ballots to voters. Politico is reporting Pennsylvania, the GOP website is promoting vote-by-mail, similar situation in Ohio. Why is the Republican Party promoting something that the President says he's against?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: I'm so glad you asked me this question because there is a very real difference between states that have tried and true absentee processes that have been in place and have been tested and work versus states like Nevada that ninety days out from an election have completely upended their entire election protocol and put chaos into their process because they haven't tested it and it isn't certain.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: But the post office said this week--
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: And why are they doing that?
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: --that they can handle the mail volume-- volume. They don't have a problem.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: It's not about just the post office, Margaret. It's that they're sending ballots to unverified voter rolls. I just talked to a voter this week who said she's received three ballots for a different woman at her address, a person that's never lived there. These are the type of things--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: A ballot or an application for a ballot?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: An actual ballot. An actual ballot. She was in California. In Nevada and California, they aren't sending absentee request forms. They're sending live ballots, which I think is a huge problem. Getting an absentee request form--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: But to be-- to be clear the Republican Party in these states is promoting mail-in voting. Is the Republican Party--
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: No. We are-- we are--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: --supportive of that?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: --promoting people embracing the absentee processes that have been put in place, that are tried and true. And we are suing states that are trying to change their process ninety days out from an election, which is adding chaos to an election where we should have certainty.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to ask you about some of our data that we just got. CBS News has a Battleground Tracker out, and it's showing a big divide between how Republicans view the U.S. response to the coronavirus and how the majority of voters see it. Seventy-three percent of Republicans say it's going well. Thirty-eight percent of all voters say it's going well by comparison. Then fifty-seven percent of Republicans say the number of dead is acceptable at a hundred and seventy thousand people. Thirty-three percent of independents say it's acceptable, just ten percent of Democrats. How could that number be acceptable? And why is there such a big divide between how Republicans see it and how the majority of people do?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: Well, I think that is a really unfair poll and-- and, of course, there is nobody in this country, there is nobody starting with the President of the United States who wants to see people pass away from this global pandemic that came here from China not being honest, from the WHO failing in their one duty, their one duty, to identify a pandemic. And they failed the global community. But let's be honest, Republicans do want-- do not want to see people suffering from this pandemic. We have all been affected by this. This is not a Republican or Democrat issue. When you see Democrats continue--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: So you say that number is acceptable? You--
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: No, of course, not, Margaret. This is a global pandemic. Nobody wants to see somebody die from this. I have-- have had friends die from this. This is not something people want. But the President's response has saved lives by shutting down travel early, which Joe Biden called xenophobic, by doing the decisive actions he did earlier--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: From China, but not Europe.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: He did it from Europe as well, but Joe Biden didn't--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Not until March.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: But Joe Biden didn't support that. You didn't hear him come out and say we should shut down travel from Europe. You didn't hear Democrats saying that. They have opposed this President every step of the way. In a time of crisis when we should be coming together as Americans, this should not be politicized.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: One area where Republicans also differ from voters overall is on the Black Lives Matter movement. Most voters nationwide agree with the ideas of it, while most Republicans, two-thirds of them, strongly disagree. Eight in ten Republicans think there has been too much attention on the issue of discrimination. Doesn't this type of thinking hurt Republicans' chances of making gains with black voters?
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: Well, I think that there's a big distinction between the words Black Lives Matter and the movement, which has been led by people who embrace Marxism, who have said on networks, we want to burn this country down. And I think you have to separate that, because as we are seeing in the name of Black Lives Matter, these riots and these looters who really aren't affiliated with any type of peaceful protest, we all condemn what happened to George Floyd. Republicans and Democrats alike recognize that.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: So you don't think there has been too much attention on the issue of discrimination? That was eight in ten Republicans said too much attention on that issue. Not the movement, but the issue.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: You know who's given more attention to discrimination than anybody? This President. He's the one who passed the First Steps Act to get rid of the injustices in our criminal justice reform. This is our President who's pardoned people who were unjustly charged with crimes and sentenced to lengthy sentences disproportionately affecting the black community. This is the President who gave more loans to HBCUs. This is the President that created economic opportunity zones. This is the President who has tackled discrimination. And he's going to continue to do so. And you're going to hear more about that next week in our convention as he talks about the policies he's put forward and how they have improved the lives of everyday Americans.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Ronna McDaniel, thank you for your time.
 
RONNA MCDANIEL: Thanks, Margaret.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: We want to go now to national co-chair for the Biden campaign, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti. Good morning to you.
 
ERIC GARCETTI (Mayor of Los Angeles/@MayorOfLA/ National Co-Chair, Biden-Harris Campaign): Great to be with you, Margaret, thank you for having me.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to start on the issue of voting, because your state was specifically mentioned there by Ronna McDaniel as having increased mail-in ballots during the pandemic. During the March presidential primary more than a hundred thousand mail-in ballots were rejected by election officials, according to data that had been gathered by the AP. Given that experience doesn't that indicate that there are some significant gaps in terms of your state's election integrity?
 
ERIC GARCETTI: A democracy is not an easy thing, Margaret, of course, but I have a very deep confidence in our secretary of state, Alex Padilla, in our counties, to be able to run elections and to run them well. And the difference is that we're trying to run elections that expand democracy, that give the vote to everybody where we see a war on voters in other states run by Republicans who literally want to take people off the ballot, take them off the election rolls, you know, a period here, a different-- a middle initial. We saw it happen with Stacey Abrams in Georgia. She would be governor today--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: And Ronna McDaniel is saying you're adding people.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: And it's kind of ironic that Republicans-- no, we are making sure that every American in California who can vote will vote. That is, I think, what a democracy is about. Why we make it so difficult for Americans to vote--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: --seems to be anti-democratic with a small D. And so we're going to make sure that we have not only safe and secure elections, but a paper trail as well, something I think all folks from both the right and left have called for, for years.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Okay.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: I simply don't understand why this President fears this. It's probably because he knows he's going to lose.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: On the issue of the economy, that is one area where President Trump still seems to poll-- have better poll results than candidate Biden does in terms of perception of who would be better for it. Joe Biden said a lot of things in his address this week, but he gave virtually no detail on his economic plans and no detailed criticism of President Trump's either. Isn't that a mistake?
 
ERIC GARCETTI: Mm-Hm. Well, I-- I know here's the-- the facts, Margaret, Democratic Presidents have added sixty million jobs to America, Republican ones, twenty-three million in the last few decades. You want to see the stock market do better, the GDP over-perform, that's always been under a Democratic President and not a Republican one. And we're very proud of the plans that we have to not only bring back jobs, manufacturing--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: But isn't the slogan "Build Back Better"? Wouldn't you need to, if that's your slogan, explain how you're going to do it? Joe Biden mentioned the economy four times. Economic was a phrase used four times, mentions five million jobs, but didn't say how he was going to do it. Why not emphasize that?
 
ERIC GARCETTI: We-- we have been talking until we're blue in the face about the most progressive and most expansive economic plan that we will see in our, I think in our lifetimes in America. Build Back Better has four different planks to it. One is to invest in infrastructure, in a new green energy economy and careers throughout America. Two is manufacturing back in America, unlike this President who said he'd bring jobs back but has been offshoring federal contracts to foreign companies since he has been President. We'll build back everywhere in America. And, third, the care economy. So many Americans-- and it's such a contrast in these campaigns, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris are about what we can do to care for one another, whether it's our kids right now in child care--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: --or whether it's our seniors in the end of their lifetime. And then something that's usually a peripheral issue, racial justice is a core part, the fourth pillar of that plan. So we have detailed that you go to President Trump's website, just like when he ran last time, there's two or three things on the economy and that's it. It was build a wall.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: It was get rid of immigrants. He has no plan. And he's killing Americans right now and killing our economy. I think it's such a contrast between two people who have a heart and experience--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: --what this country needs, and a man who has neither.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Killing Americans is-- is a strong phrase there. I'm going to ask you about what's happening with Covid-19 in your own city. You told CNN last month that it is becoming much more of a Latino disease. Why is it still such an issue that people of color in your city are disproportionately affected?
 
ERIC GARCETTI: Well, a couple of statistics, what our lowest hospitalization rate since this has been recorded, we're at a positivity rate now that's about six percent. So we're really, I think, making huge progress and proud of that. But we're being left on our own. We're the first city in America to cut, I think, the African-American deaths, which were double throughout the country to under the population here. But for the Latino population, which I'm a part of and I come from, I think there's a couple of things. One is you had federal assistance that didn't go to many immigrants and to their families who could be married to or the child of an immigrant. And you didn't get the same money your fellow American citizens did. So they're being pushed to work more. They don't have access to the unemployment. They don't have as much of the kind of social network right now that we need. But we're making huge inroads, including in the Latino community right now. But this is something where you saw this President plant a seed when he ran for President, demonizing folks who are Latino, saying Mexican Americans were murderers and rapists and maybe there was a few good ones. This stuff has ramifications because it washes through a government--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: --that thinks it doesn't have to serve cities, doesn't have to serve Latinos. And we're seeing those numbers rise.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Right. I want to talk about your management, though, in your city. You made an interesting choice this week. You actually shut off the power at a Hollywood home after they were hosting large parties there because it wasn't abiding by your regulations regarding the pandemic. How many other houses are you going to shut off the utilities at? Why aren't people listening to you?
 
ERIC GARCETTI: People are listening, they're far and few between our numbers are coming down, but where people don't listen, we're going to shut them down. That's critically important. This is not a time to be spreading this disease, especially younger people. And, by the way, I want to thank all the young people who said shut it down because they saw their peers acting irresponsibly. At super spreader events ten percent of people, Margaret, usually are responsible for about eighty percent of the cases. And we're just not playing here.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
ERIC GARCETTI: We are not going to let people take our lives into their hands so they're shut down.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mayor Garcetti, thank you for your time.
 
And FACE THE NATION will be back in one minute with former FBI Director James Comey. Stay with us.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: And we are back with former FBI Director James Comey. He used to be a registered Republican, but this week he will speak at the Convention on Founding Principles, which is a gathering of Republicans who are not happy with President Trump. Good morning to you.
 
JAMES COMEY (Former FBI Director/@Comey): Good morning, Margaret.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to get your reaction and insight into what we learned this week, which was that the Southern District of New York indicted former Trump White House official and campaign strategist Steve Bannon for alleged fraud. He's now the sixth close Trump associate to be criminally charged by the DOJ. You used to run the SDNY. What do you make of this case?
 
JAMES COMEY: Well, it's another reminder of the kind of people this President surrounds himself with. At this point, they could almost start their own crime family. It's a very serious case. The Southern District of New York has laid it out in a very detailed indictment called a speaking indictment. And he's in a world of trouble.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: A world of trouble. What do you mean by that?
 
JAMES COMEY: Well, it's a very serious fraud case with a huge amount of money stolen from innocent victims, Americans who thought they were giving money to support the President's wall on the Mexican border and, instead, it was stolen. That will drive up the potential punishments for Mister Bannon and his co-conspirators. And, you know, he's in trouble because the indictment lays it out in such detail, including excerpts from texts. If you're Steve Bannon, you're his lawyers, you're reading this saying, I'm going down here. And I don't know what the next steps are for him and his co-defendants, but that's what I meant by world of trouble.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: The Senate Intelligence Committee, we know, also sent a letter to the Southern District asking them to investigate Bannon for lying to Congress. Is there more that the public leads-- needs to know about Steve Bannon and any links to election interference?
 
JAMES COMEY: I don't know. I don't know what the Southern District of New York is doing. I think this indictment surprised a lot of people because they did it like the pros they are. They didn't talk about it until they were ready to bring the case. But people can learn an awful lot about Russia and the Trump campaign just by reading the thousand pages that the Senate Intelligence Committee put out this week. It tells a story that blows up the President's nonsense about it being a hoax, that blows up Bill Barr's nonsense about there being nothing to investigate. There's a story there that the American people, if they're interested, can read and learn a whole lot about the kind of characters who were working with Russia during the 2016 campaign.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to ask you more about that in a moment. We will have to take a break. But, very quickly, what do you see as the biggest threat to the rule of law right now?
 
JAMES COMEY: That even-handed law enforcement has disappeared from the Justice Department under Bill Barr and Donald Trump. It shouldn't matter whether Trump likes you or not. Everybody should get a fair shake. And that the truth is under attack--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Okay.
 
JAMES COMEY: --both by the attorney general and the President. Those things matter. That's why I'm speaking for the first time--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Okay.
 
JAMES COMEY: --ever at a political event this week.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: All right. We're going to take a break and come back and continue our conversation with former Director Comey in just a few minutes.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: And this programming note, starting tomorrow night and running through Thursday, CBS will bring you coverage of the Republican National Convention led by CBS EVENING NEWS anchor Norah O'Donnell, along with our political team. Tune in. Beginning at 10 PM Eastern.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: We'll be right back with more from former FBI director James Comey and later the latest on the coronavirus from Dr. Scott Gottlieb. Stay with us.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Welcome back to FACE THE NATION.
 
We're continuing our conversation with former FBI Director James Comey. I want to pick up where we left off, which was that Senate Intelligence report. This is a bipartisan report, meaning Republicans signed off on it. This was three years long. And the conclusion here was that Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort represented a, quote, "grave counterintelligence threat" to the U.S. because of his close work with Russian intelligence officer Konstantin Kilimnik. This goes farther than what Mueller concluded and made public. Why? Why is the public just now hearing about it?
 
JAMES COMEY: Because the Senate Intelligence Committee was looking at all information they could gather. Mueller was approaching it as a prosecutor, trying to see what evidence he could bring into court to prove something beyond a reasonable doubt. And so the Senate Intelligence Committee could look much more broadly and, as you said, came to this conclusion that the head of Trump's campaign was funneling information to a Russian intelligence officer, someone he likely knew was a Russian intelligence officer. Let that sink in and then ask yourself, so there was nothing to investigate here, as Bill Barr says, it was a hoax? The Republicans have exploded that nonsense.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: The report, though, also was critical of your old agency, the FBI. It said your bureau should have done more to alert DNC officials that Russian hackers had accessed their servers. Why didn't the FBI do this? This was a national security threat happening under the nose of the FBI.
 
JAMES COMEY: Yeah. That's-- I understand that. That's fair criticism. I think at the time, our folks thought that just telling an institution that the Russians are inside your house was enough. But I think part of what may have led to a lack of urgency at the DNC and at the FBI is that nobody anticipated this wasn't normal intelligence gathering by the Russians, this was an effort to weaponize. And if anybody had seen that, I think they would have yelled a little bit more loudly.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Was that a mistake on your part? I mean, how did the FBI miss that this was an active measures campaign by a foreign intelligence service?
 
JAMES COMEY: That's a great question. I think the simple answer is because it had never happened before, but if I were still director of the FBI, that wouldn't be a good enough answer. I hope they're taking a look back across the intelligence community and asking, so why didn't we imagine that the Russians might do this? But the truth is that we didn't. Nobody in the intelligence community did.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: When you were FBI director, you never imagined this scenario. I mean don't you think this was a mistake on your part?
 
JAMES COMEY: I sure think it was a miss-- a-- a mistake, I'm not going to quibble on words. Yeah, it was a miss. I don't know why it didn't occur to us that the Russians were doing something that they had never done before, which is to weaponize and actually fire stolen material at our Democratic process. And, look, looking back in hindsight, it seems obvious. I don't know the answer as to why nobody in the intelligence community, none of the analysts, saw this coming. And it ought to be something that we're asking ourselves.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Are we still this vulnerable?
 
JAMES COMEY: Yes, in a different way. I'm sure the Russians will use different tactics because we figured out what they were last time. They achieved their objectives in the last election. They've done incredibly well under President Trump. They want him to stay in office. They'll be coming again. And the problem for us as Americans is you can't effectively stop a threat that the President won't even acknowledge exists. And so, sure, they're going to be in our house again, messing with us. The only way we're going to kick Putin out of our elections is to elect Joe Biden President so someone finally puts real pain on the Russians.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: What does real pain look like? I mean we've been warned by the U.S. intelligence community that interference is happening again. President Trump is talking about election interference in very different terms. I actually want to play for you something that he said this week. He said that this will be the most fraudulent election in U.S. history. And he told this to Fox News.
 
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP (on phone): We're going to have everything. We're going to have sheriffs, and we're going to have law enforcement, and we're going to have, hopefully, U.S. attorneys, and we're going to have everybody and attorney generals.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: He's talking about fraud at the ballot box. He's talking about fraud in the mail. He's talking about fraud by receiving a ballot in the first place. What the President just described in that soundbite is, frankly, illegal in many states. It's up to local authorities when it comes to sending out local law enforcement, but he's making clear what he wants to see happen. What do you make of what he's laying out?
 
JAMES COMEY: Well, I'm sure the next question Fox News asked was, what are the facts that support your allegations of fraud? And there were crickets. I trust state, local and federal law enforcement to honor their oath to the rule of law and to not be part of suppressing votes. There's a legitimate role for law enforcement to play in connection with elections. And I'm confident that the men and women in law enforcement at all levels will abide by their oath.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: In other words, not do this. In terms of--
 
JAMES COMEY: Yeah. We-- this is-- this is America. We don't-- we don't-- at least we don't anymore, we did it a whole lot to African-Americans when I was a child, we don't anymore use cops to scare people away from polling places. We just don't do it. And I'm confident that police officers around this country are not interested in being part of an illegitimate effort like that.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I have to ask you the Justice Department is investigating the investigation into 2016. Do you know if you are a witness or a target or have you sat for an interview with John Durham as part of the investigation?
 
JAMES COMEY: Yeah, I have no idea. I've had no contact with him and haven't talked to him.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Do you believe that that means you are a target?
 
JAMES COMEY: I can't imagine that I'm a target. I saw the news report that John Brennan-- Brennan was a witness. I-- given that I know what happened during 2016, which was a bunch of people trying to do the right thing consistent with the law, I'm not worried at all about that investigation of the investigation. Next, I'm sure will be an investigation of the investigation of the investigation. They just want to have an investigation to talk about.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to ask you about a tweet you sent this week. You sent out a picture of yourself wearing a T-shirt that said, you know, more women should be elected, more votes for women. Of course, it is the-- the week honoring ratification of the 19th Amendment. But it drew this response that we just put up for our viewers from Hillary Clinton, who is just sort of making a smirk. I know she's said in the past that she thought she was on the verge of winning in 2016 until you reopened that e-mail investigation. Do you see this as contradictory? Do you regret what happened then? Because she, clearly, sees this as a contradiction for you to say now.
 
JAMES COMEY: Yeah. Look, I think it's pretty funny. And I get why she would send something like that. She's better at Twitter than I am. But I-- I regret only being involved in the 2016 election. We were stuck, and I think we made the right decisions choosing between terrible options. And so I wasn't trying, nor was anybody else in the FBI trying to elect or not elect anyone. And I hope more women get elected to office. I'm proud of that shirt that my daughters and my wife gave me. And I think it's time for more women to be leaders in this country. We'll all be better off.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Well, we agree with you on that point. Thank you very much, Jim Comey, for your time.
 
We will be right back.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: We turn now to our continuing coverage of the coronavirus with CBS News national correspondent Mark Strassmann, who reports from Atlanta, Georgia.
 
(Begin VT)
 
MARK STRASSMANN (CBS News National Correspondent): At COVID University partying students have inflamed viral outbreaks, fuming administrators and campus anxiety.
 
BRIAN SALVATORE (Professor, LSU Shreveport): We also have a lot of older faculty and staff. And we're all vulnerable.
 
MARK STRASSMANN: Dozens of schools already have reversed plans. They've switched undergraduates to all virtual classrooms, and offered a course in consequences. Syracuse suspended twenty-three partiers; Purdue, thirty-six; St. Olaf in Minnesota, seventeen; North Carolina State University has had multiple COVID clusters.
 
DR. RANDY WOODSON (Chancellor, NC State University): We've seen behaviors off-campus that, frankly, are inconsistent with our community standards and have-- have had an impact on our ability to go forward.
 
MARK STRASSMANN: But human nature's always the X factor, and fingers crossed is a poor COVID defense. Students have blamed administrators for poor planning. At Notre Dame, three hundred seventy-two people have tested positive. The student paper's front-page editorial "Don't make us write obituaries." Across America, fewer people are dying from COVID. Death rates are down or flat in thirty-eight states and up in twelve. A month ago deaths were up in twenty-six states. But America's Heartland has more COVID troubles. Rising cases in twelve states, including North Dakota, Wyoming, Kansas, and Missouri. South Dakota's average daily case loads are up fifty-eight percent. Just one week ago, the state hosted a biker rally with a quarter million attendees.
 
CROWD (in unison): Let us play. Let us pray.
 
MARK STRASSMANN: Feeling normal again is behind the push to play fall sports. In Division One college football's most competitive tier, there are one hundred thirty schools. Fifty-four programs so far have shut down this fall. But some schools required testing of all arriving students. COVID stampeded on campus anyway. And with this virus, getting it wrong in the first few weeks fuels a crisis.
 
(End VT)
 
MARK STRASSMANN: Georgia's COVID case is improving. Like other southern states, it's been a hot spot for months. But now the Southeast faces another danger: A pair of tropical storms named Marco and Laura. They're both expected to strengthen into hurricanes, potentially complicating the region's efforts to bring the virus under control. Margaret.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mark Strassmann in Atlanta, thank you.
 
We turn now to former FDA Commissioner Doctor Scott Gottlieb, who joins us from Westport, Connecticut. Good morning to you.
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB, M.D. (Former FDA Commissioner/@ScottGottliebMD): Good morning.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: New cases have dropped below fifty thousand for about the eighth day. That seems, according to Johns Hopkins, a positive development. But the CDC director says it's really middle America that's getting stuck. Where do you think we are?
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: Well, we're seeing some signs of good news here. We're seeing cases fall across the country, across the Sun Belt, where the epidemic was. We're seeing deaths start to fall, and I think we're going to see deaths fall below a thousand a day. They've been persistently at above a thousand a day now for almost four weeks. And we're seeing hospitalizations fall, which is probably the most important indicator to watch. They fell below forty thousand for the first time in a very long time. And this is being driven by declines in the Sun Belt where the coronavirus really was epidemic, the sort of second wave, if you will, of the epidemic, the first being located in the New York Tri-State region. But we're seeing more cases build in the Midwest and the West. And the concern is that if there is sort of a third wave, a third iteration of the national epidemic, it could be more diffuse spread across a broader section of the Midwest and the West, because cases are building in those parts of the country. And that's what's concerning people right now.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to ask you about some of the things that the President has said regarding your old agency, the FDA. Yesterday, he posted a tweet that I want to show our viewers. He said "The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. They're hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Most-- must focus on speed." It sounds like the President is directly accusing the FDA of political motivations. What is he talking about?
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: Well, I'm not sure exactly what he's talking about, but I can tell you about my direct experience at the agency. I served in that agency three times, twice under President Bush and once as the commissioner for two years under President Trump. And when it comes to regulatory decision-making in that agency, it's a foundational truth that guides that agency as science and a deeply seated sense of public health mission that permeates that agency. It's a part of the esprit de corps of the staff of that agency. And I know that they know the urgency of the moment. They put out sixty guidance documents to find new ways to bring products to the market more quickly. There are seven hundred and fifty drugs under mid or late stages of clinical development, clinical trials right now. So I firmly reject the idea that they would slow walk anything or accelerate anything for that matter, based on any kind of political consideration and any consideration other than what's best for the public health and a real sense of mission to patients.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Well--
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: As for the clinical trials they-- please.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Well, the-- the chief of staff to the President doubled down on that today. He says sometimes you have to make them feel the heat if they do not see the light. He said a number of bureaucrats don't see the urgency. What urgency? What-- what-- what is the FDA being pressured to do?
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: Well, look, I-- I think a lot of that was about plasma, that tweet, I think the President scoped into that tweet a comment on vaccines. But I will tell you and I sit on the board of Pfizer, one of the two U.S. companies furthest along and developing a vaccine, the vaccine trials have-- have enrolled very fast. Moderna and Pfizer, the two U.S. manufacturers who are the furthest ahead, enrolled twenty-five thousand patients into those trials in the four weeks that those trials have been stood up and they've really only been enrolling in earnest for three weeks. That's extraordinary. So to say that these products aren't moving at really historic pace I think is wrong. The-- there were delays or perceived delays in bringing plasma, authorizing plasma under an emergency use authorization, was reported this week that NIH had misgivings about FDA going forward with that authorization. But there's reasons people have some questions about that. The trial that that's going to be based on, seventy thousand patients, wasn't a very rigorously done trial. It was an open-label study where everyone got treated. So it's hard to draw conclusions. I believe plasma is probably beneficial. It's probably weakly beneficial in the setting of this treatment. But I think some people wanted to see more rigorous data to ground that decision. And I think that's part of what is going on here with respect to that tweet and questions about the FDA decision making.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Okay.
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: But I think the FDA is on firm ground taking their time to try to closely evaluate that information.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: The Pre-- the White House has said there will be a major therapeutic breakthrough on the virus announced today. Do you know what that is?
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: Well, I would guess it's the emergency use authorization for plasma. You know, the-- the issue here, though, is that patients are getting it. More than seventy thousand patients, again, have been dosed with that. So it's available. What the emergency use authorization will allow is probably more commercial distribution, and it will allow manufacturers of plasma products to more easily recoup the costs. Now, what plasma is is basically taking the antibodies from people who've recovered, so it's a blood product, and infusing them in people who are sick. And if you use it early enough in the course of the disease, there is some precedent for it being beneficial in the treatment of viruses. And so it is a good therapeutic to have in the overall armamentarium. But the bottom line is it's widely available right now, patients are getting it.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: The EUA, the emergency use authorization, will enable probably easier access in certain settings, but it's incremental, and you know, incremental gains--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Okay.
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: --are important here, but we need to view it for what it is.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Quickly, before we let you go, I want to understand this study that came out this week showing from the Journal of Pediatrics that children have a more significant role in community spread than-- than believed initially. Does this mean kids are more contagious than we thought?
 
SCOTT GOTTLIEB: Well, I think this study was consistent with other studies. What it showed-- it was nasopharyngeal swabs, so it was swabs from children comparing them to swabs from adults. There was some problems with this study in that they were swabbing the kids early in the course of the disease, comparing them to adults who were swabbed late in the course of the disease, albeit adults who are very sick, who were hospitalized. And they found that the kids had very high viral levels, in many cases higher than the adults. I think it confirms what other-- other studies have shown, which is that children do shed virus and they can transmit the virus. If they can't transmit the virus, we wouldn't be seeing these outbreaks in day camps in Missouri and Georgia. We saw the situation in Ohio where there was an outbreak in a church service and children were in the chain of transmission. So children can transmit the virus. The presumption is that when they're asymptomatic, they're less likely to transmit it. And that's true of adults too. The CDC says that when adults are asymptomatic, they're also less likely to transmit the infection.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm. Doctor Scott Gottlieb, always good to talk to you. Thank you for your time.
 
We'll be back in a moment.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: We go now to Tucson, where classes at the University of Arizona start tomorrow with four instructional options, including in-person learning. Joining us is university president and doctor, Robert Robbins. Good morning to you.
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS (University of Arizona President/@UArizonaPres): Good morning, Margaret.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Sure. How many students are coming back for in-person, in-class instruction, and will all of them be tested?
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: So all of the students that are living in our dormitories are being tested, that's mandatory. We've tested over five thousand students with twenty-six positives, so it's about 0.3 percent. The other students that are living off-campus are being strongly encouraged to be tested. And in total, there'll be about five thousand students that will be taking essential courses face to face, in person. Those would be things like organic chemistry lab, physics lab, gross anatomy lab, those kind of things. And we think we're going to have about thirty thousand, twenty-eight to thirty thousand students coming back to the Tucson area. Normally, we would have forty-five thousand.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: And your office told us that the only mandate for testing is for those living on campus. You just mentioned dorms there.
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Right. Yes.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: It looks like five thousand of your students live in dorms. That-- that means the majority don't live on campus. So-- so isn't this exposing everyone if you can't mandate testing for those who don't live in a dorm?
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Well, I think-- I think that what we're going to do is we will try to test everyone that comes on campus. What I would like, and, of course, what we would all like is a ten second-- ten-cent test that we could test everyone every day. We-- we think that we can test everybody who comes back to campus in person, but we can't test them every day using an antigen test, which is what we're using to look at our students that are coming into-- to the dorms. We-- we think that we've got a random testing protocol that we've got in place, but I would like to see us test at least once a week everybody who comes on campus face to face.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: So Notre Dame mandated testing for students on campus. And I'm sure you know that they have had an outbreak–
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Yeah.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: --that has caused them to put things on hold for at least a few weeks. If they tried and failed, why do you think your university will be different?
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Well, I think that we've got extensive testing policies. I think they did the same thing that we did, which is test students when they came into the dorms, but I'm not sure if they were tested-- because they'd only been in class, just like at UNC Chapel Hill, they'd only been in class for a week or so. I think the big issue is off-campus activity.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: I think we all know that we can control things in the classroom and on campus and in the student union and not having large gatherings of people on campus in official venues. The problem is, what I've seen is that others such as Kansas, even Arizona State, other universities, Purdue, have gone aggressively off campus to try to break up large gatherings and parties. And that's where most of the transmission has occurred.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Would you expel a student if they violated one of your requests? I mean, how do you force people to behave in their own best interest--
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Yeah.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: --when they're--
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Yeah. I--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: --teenagers and in their early twenties?
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: Sure. No, I understand, and I think we're-- we're so to answer your question first, we've-- we've got a face-covering policy. We're anticipating there'll be some people who refuse to cover their face because of their expression of their individuality and freedom. But that is going to be-- that'll go through the dean of students and code of conduct. And, yes, they can be expelled. What-- what I think we're moving into is we-- we've done a very good job of testing, contact tracing. We've got COVID-19 Watch, which is a Google Apple app that uses Bluetooth. And we're the first university to use that. So, we feel good about our education. And we've been on with a weekly briefing every week and over social media. I think we're-- we're going to continue that preventative therapy and education.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: But we've got to switch quickly into the treatment mode.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: When--
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: We know they're going to be spikes in cases, so we've got to be able to handle them.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Very quickly, when do you hit the brakes? What's your threshold?
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: When we can't mitigate and handle, if we get overwhelmed with cases where we can't-- don't have enough room for isolation, our hospitals are starting to get capacity-- overcapacity where we can't surge into ICUs--
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Mm-Hm.
 
DR. ROBERT ROBBINS: --and if someone were to get really sick. So, we're going to be watching the numbers every day. And if we run out of isolation beds and we can't handle it and people are getting really ill, then-- then we'll pull the plug.
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: Doctor Robbins, thank you for your time.
 
We will be right back.
 
(ANNOUNCEMENTS)
 
MARGARET BRENNAN: We want to leave you today on an uplifting note. There is a new arrival here in Washington. Giant panda, Mei Xiang, gave birth to a new cub at the National Zoo on Friday. And the yet-to-be-named cub has been called a miracle, given how rare a panda pregnancy is, plus, the mother's advanced age. Proof that some of 2020 surprises can actually be good ones. And we need more of them.
 
That's it for us today. Thank you for watching. Until next week, for FACE THE NATION, I'm Margaret Brennan.  



U.S.
Michelle Obama offers 3 life lessons to Class of 2020 about uncertainty, values and sharing your voice
By Peter Martinez

Updated on: June 7, 2020 / 7:57 PM EDT / CBS News


Barack and Michelle Obama addressed the Class of 2020 on Sunday in a star-studded YouTube livestream that included a joint message of congratulations to students across the world who had their academic lives upended by the coronavirus pandemic. Michelle then took the "virtual stage" to address the Black Lives Matter movement and all its efforts to fight police brutality and racial injustice during the ongoing protests over the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis.

"Our foundation has been shaken not just by a pandemic sending tens of millions to unemployment, but also the age-old fault lines of race and power that we must all grapple with," she said. "It's okay to be confused or don't understand how you're feeling. We're all searching in real time ... We all have no choice but to see what has been staring us in the face for years, for centuries. So, the question is, how will we respond?"

The former first lady also laid out three life lessons for graduates:

"Life will always be uncertain. It is a lesson that most of us get the chance to learn over the course of years and years, even decades, but one you're learning right now."
"In an uncertain world, time-tested values like honesty and integrity ... empathy and compassion. That's the only real currency in life. Treating people right will never fail you."
Share your voice: "For those of you who feel invisible, please know that your story matters. Your ideas matter. Your experience matters. Your vision for what the world can and should be matters. So, don't ever, ever let anyone tell you that you're too angry, or that you should keep your mouth shut. There will always be those who want to keep you silent, to have you be seen but not heard. Maybe they don't even want to see you at all. But those people don't know your story, and if you listen to them, then nothing will ever change."
michelle-obama-youtube-class-of-2020-commencement-speech.png 
Former first lady Michelle Obama seen in her Class of 2020 commencement speech during a YouTube livestream on Sunday, June 7, 2020.
YouTube
Michelle also explained how to channel anger for good.

"Graduates, anger is a powerful force. It can be a useful force, but left on its own it will only corrode and destroy and sow chaos on the inside and out. But, when anger is focused, when it's channeled into something more, that is the stuff that changes history," she said. Michelle used the lives of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Sojourner Truth as examples of past leaders who were angry but also "driven by compassion, by principle, by hope."

She also encouraged young people to always challenge the status quo.

"So graduates, it is your time now. And look, our democracy isn't perfect, but I have traveled the world and seen the governments and people in so many other countries, and I can tell you our democracy is sturdy, and yes, it still works. But it doesn't work if you silence yourselves. It does not work if you disengage from the process. And we're seeing the consequences of that right now. But if you hold strong with the same faith that carried all those giants before you toward real, measurable progress, you will change the course of history."

"So, what does that mean for your time?" she asked. "It starts where change always starts: in your own home ... Sometimes it's easier to stand with strangers at a protest than it is to challenge someone in your own backyard. So, if you hear people expressing bigoted views or talking down to 'those people,' it is up to you to call them out. We won't solve anything if we're only willing to do what's easiest."


Dear Class of 2020 (Live stream) by YouTube Originals on YouTube
At the end of her speech, Michelle became emotional: "Here's the thing: I know you can do it, because over these many years, I've seen exactly who you are. I've seen your creativity, and your talent and your resourcefulness. I've seen you speaking out to end gun violence and fight climate change. I've seen you gathering donations for those in need during this pandemic, I've seen you marching with peace and with purpose. And that is why even in tough times like these, you continue to be what gives me hope. Graduates, you all are exactly what we need right now, and for the years and decades to come. You learn so much, so quickly. And not only can do better than those before you — you will. It's your time. I can't wait to see you all take the reigns."

The YouTube livestream also featured a performance of "Pomp and Circumstance" by Lizzo and the New York Philharmonic, plus appearances by Alicia Keys, Justin Timberlake, The Simpsons, Shawn Mendes, Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Beyoncé, Bono, BTS, Lady Gaga, Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Kimmel, former Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates, Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Malala Yousafzai.

barack-obama-youtube-class-of-2020-commencement-speech.png 
Former President Barack Obama seen in his Class of 2020 commencement speech during a YouTube livestream on Sunday, June 7, 2020.
YouTube
Mr. Obama also delivered a commencement address of his own Sunday night in which he urged graduates to bring about change. While the former president addressed protests earlier this week during a town hall, this was his first commencement address given since the demonstrations began nationwide. Mr. Obama noted that the U.S. is a nation founded on protests, saying peaceful ones are "patriotic" and that those participating in them are "unbelievably inspiring" and make him "optimistic about our future."

He said the recent protests in response to the killings of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor and others, "speak to decades worth of anguish and frustration over unequal treatment and a failure to reform police practices and the broader criminal justice system."

Just as the former first lady did in her speech to graduates, Mr. Obama also mentioned these uncertain times.

"So as scary and uncertain as these times may be, they are also a wake-up call, and they are an incredible opportunity, for your generation," he said. "Because you don't have to accept what was considered normal before. You don't have to accept the world as it is. You can make it into the world as it should be and could be."


Sarah Ewall-Wice contributed to this report.



Science
Weather experts issue most threatening hurricane forecast yet
By Jeff Berardelli

Updated on: August 6, 2020 / 10:00 PM EDT / CBS News


The 2020 Atlantic hurricane season is racking up storms at breakneck speed. To date, the season is about two weeks ahead of record pace and it's only one third of the way through. On Wednesday, the news became more concerning as the research team at Colorado State University (CSU) — the standard bearer for seasonal forecasts — released the most dire forecast in their 37-year history.

Labeling the 2020 hurricane season "extremely active," the team is now predicting 24 named storms, including 12 total hurricanes and 5 major hurricanes — each figure about double that of a normal season. If the forecast proves accurate, 2020 would be the second most active Atlantic hurricane season, behind only the record-shattering 2005 season which brought Hurricanes Katrina and Wilma.

Only 21 storm names are allotted each year because the letters Q, U, X, Y and Z are not used. As a result, if 24 tropical storms are indeed named, the National Hurricane Center will have to employ the Greek alphabet for overflow. This has only happened one time on record — in 2005 when the Atlantic experienced a total of 28 tropical and subtropical storms.

csu-forecast.jpg 
An overview of Colorado State University's 2020 hurricane season forecast as of August 5, 2020.
CSU
In addition, CSU is forecasting a 75% chance that the U.S. coast will be struck by a major hurricane — Category 3 or greater — during the 2020 season. This is significant because damage increases exponentially with wind speed. Category 3, 4 and 5 systems cause 85% of all hurricane damage.

On Thursday, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) upgraded its hurricane forecast as well. NOAA's updated outlook calls for 19 to 25 named storms, of which 7 to 11 will become hurricanes, including 3 to 6 major hurricanes. 

"This is one of the most active seasonal forecasts that NOAA has produced in its 22-year history of hurricane outlooks," said U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, whose department oversees NOAA. "We encourage all Americans to do their part by getting prepared, remaining vigilant, and being ready to take action when necessary."


Dr. Phil Klotzbach, the lead forecaster of the CSU team, tells CBS News that because the 2020 season is already on a record pace, and conditions remain ripe for activity, the forecast is not particularly far-fetched.


"Honestly, forecasting 15 additional named storms isn't that much of a stretch," he said. "The average season in the active era (from 1995-2019) had 12 additional named storms after August 5."

The last system, Hurricane Isaias, marked the fifth storm to make landfall this season. That's also about two weeks ahead of record pace.


The most obvious contributing factor for such an active season is water temperatures being near historic levels in the Tropical Atlantic, which can act like high-octane fuel to power hurricanes. In the image below, created by UNC-Charlotte graduate student Eric Webb, the darkest red-shaded areas are record warm.

departure-from-normal-sea-surface-temperature-anomalies.jpg 
A map showing higher than average Atlantic sea surface temperatures.
Eric Webb
Some of the hotter-than-normal water may be driven by the warm phase of a natural cycle called the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO), a long-accepted concept of warming and cooling. But the scientist who coined the term decades ago, Dr. Michael Mann of Penn State University, now says that new studies provide little support for this cyclical effect.


What is clear is that short-term weather patterns combined with the background warming from human-caused climate change is boosting ocean temperatures. Human warming has increased Tropical Atlantic sea surface temperatures by about 2 degrees Fahrenheit since 1901.

oceans-temps-are-rising.jpg 
A map showing the change in sea temperature since 1901.
Climate Central
Beyond the hot water, Webb, who specializes in tropical weather, says that rainfall in Africa — where most of the seedlings for tropical systems form before their track across the Atlantic Basin — is way above normal.

"The African Sahel region (between the Congo rainforest to the south and Sahara Desert to the north) has been really wet this summer. A wetter African Sahel means that the waves which create up to 90% of the Atlantic's intense hurricanes are stronger," explains Webb.


While warm waters and a wet African Sahel would already be enough to make for an active season, there are even more factors tipping the scales this season.

In July, atmospheric pressures were at record low levels in the Tropical Atlantic. Areas of low pressure go hand in hand with rising air. That rising air is a requirement for thunderstorms — the foundation for tropical storms — to fire up.


Along with rising air, wind shear, which tends to tear systems apart, is running near record lows this summer.


One factor that can lead to high wind shear in the Atlantic basin is El Niño. But this summer, there is not only an absence of El Niño, but instead the possibility of the opposite phenomenon: La Niña. La Niña's cooler-than-normal Tropical Pacific waters translates into weak winds in the Atlantic Ocean, a perfect setup for an active hurricane season.


As all signs point in an ominous direction, there is one bit of good news in the short term. For the next 10 days, the climate pattern in the Atlantic Basin will be unfavorable for development due to a cyclical pattern passing through. This will give residents of hurricane alley a short window of opportunity to prepare.

All the Democratic candidates who ran for president in 2020
By Kathryn Watson, Camilo Montoya-Galvez, Grace Segers, Caitlin Huey-Burns

June 22, 2020 / 2:42 PM EDT / CBS News


More Democratic candidates jumped into the presidential race in 2019 than America has seen since the inception of the modern primary system. Here's a look at all the Democrats who campaigned for a chance to take on President Trump in November 2020.


Michael Bennet
 
Sen. Michael Bennet appears on "CBS This Morning" on Thursday, May 2, 2019
Colorado senator elected in 2009

Spent seven years in the private sector where served as director of the Anschutz Investment Company
In 2003, Bennet became the chief of staff to then-Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper
Left Hickenlooper's office in 2005 to become superintendent of the Denver Public School system, where he helped pass a merit pay system for teachers
Appointed to fill the Senate seat vacated by Ken Salazar in 2009 and promptly re-elected the following year
Issues: Public option for health care, climate change, immigration, education
Campaign ended February 11, 2020.
Bill de Blasio
 
New York City mayor

Elected to a second term as mayor in 2017.
Represents 8.6 million constituents.
Issues: Immigration, climate change, minimum wage, education, mental health reform, health care.
Campaign ended on September 20, 2019.
Joe Biden
 
Former Vice President Joe Biden speaks during his first campaign event as a candidate for president at Teamsters Local 249 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on April 29, 2019.
Getty
Former vice president and senator from Delaware

Widely known for his tight-knit relationship with President Obama during his time in the White House, Biden also served in Congress for 35 years and ran two previous unsuccessful campaigns for president.
Biden decided to launch an underdog campaign for one of Delaware's Senate seats in 1972, eventually beating a 12-year incumbent. His surprising victory, however, was overshadowed by tragedy. Biden lost his first wife, Neilia Hunter, and 1-year-old daughter, Naomi, to a car crash days before Christmas.
During his long tenure in Congress, Biden solidified himself as one of the most influential members of the Senate, leading the Judiciary and Foreign Affairs Committees during different terms.
Biden sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 and 2008, dropping out during the primary in both. After Biden left the 2008 race, Mr. Obama picked the Delaware senator to be his running mate.
After Mr. Obama's historic election, Biden resigned from the Senate to be sworn in as vice president in 2009. Over the years, he was a loyal advocate for Mr. Obama's policies and the two developed a strong friendship.
In May 2015, his eldest son, Beau, died at age 46 after a battle with brain cancer. Beau's death was one of the reasons his father opted not to run for president in 2016, a decision he has repeatedly said he regrets.
He launched his 2020 bid on April 25, 2019 with a video criticizing President Trump for his response to the Charlottesville riots.
After strong showings in the South Carolina primary and on Super Tuesday he solidified his lead in the Democratic field and prepared to take on President Trump in the fall.
Cory Booker
 
Sen. Cory Booker speaks at a legislative conference in Washington, D.C., April 10, 2019.
Yuri Gripas / REUTERS
New Jersey senator elected in 2013, and former Newark mayor

Booker says he is running to restore "civic grace in America."
He first gained prominence as the young and charismatic mayor of Newark, New Jersey, from 2006 to 2013.
He has introduced a bill to study reparations for descendants of slaves.
Was a chief architect of the First Step Act, a criminal sentencing law signed by Mr. Trump in 2018.
Issues: Has criminal justice reform and the decriminalization of marijuana central issues, and also said environmental policy would be high on his agenda.
Ended his campaign on January 13, 2020.
Steve Bullock
 
Montana Gov. Steve Bullock is the 23rd candidate to enter the 2020 race for the Democratic nomination
CBS News
Montana governor

Before his current tenure as governor, he served as Montana's attorney general for one term
During the 2016 election, when Mr. Trump won Republican-leaning Montana by nearly 21 percentage points, Bullock was reelected by a 4-point margin
Issues: Supported same-sex marriage, net neutrality and held pro-choice views on abortion. He also worked with the Republican-controlled legislature to push through some of the most sweeping campaign finance reforms in the country.
Ended his campaign in December 2019.
Pete Buttigieg
 
Buttigieg speaks during a meet-and-greet at Madhouse Coffee on April 8, 2019, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Getty Images
South Bend, Indiana, mayor, elected in 2011

Served in Afghanistan as member of Navy Reserve while he was mayor. At 37 years of age, is the youngest of the contenders, and is also openly gay and married.
Took on Vice President Mike Pence, an ardent foe of gay marriage. "[I]f you have a problem with who I am, your problem is not with me. Your quarrel, sir, is with my creator," he said in April.
Unsuccessfully attempted to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee after the 2016 election.
Speaks often about his Christian faith.
Issues: Has focused on improving higher education and health care.
Ended campaign March 1, 2020 and endorsed Joe Biden.

Julián Castro
 
Castro speaks at Saint Anselm College on Jan. 16, 2019, in Manchester, New Hampshire.
AP Photo/Mary Schwalm
Former Housing and Urban Development secretary and former mayor of San Antonio

Focused on stabilizing housing market and preserving affordable housing in the wake of the financial crisis.
Is the identical twin of Texas Congressman Joaquin Castro.
Served in the large ceremonial job of mayor of San Antonio before joining the Obama administration as HUD secretary.
If elected, would be first Hispanic president.
Issues: The first Democrat to have released a comprehensive immigration plan, he also focused on affordable college and health care.
Campaign ended on January 2, 2020.

John Delaney
 
Rep. John Delaney
Nick Wass/Associated Press
Former Maryland congressman

Was the first candidate in the field, declaring in July 2017.
Co-founded two profitable companies, both of which are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
Issues: Has promised to support only bipartisan bills during his first 100 days in office if elected. Priorities include ethics reform in government. Has also promised to launch a $500 billion national affordable housing program, and also favors a carbon tax to combat climate change.
Ended campaign on January 31, 2020.

Mike Gravel
 
Mike Gravel
GETTY IMAGES/Mark Wilson
Former Alaska senator between 1969 and 1981

Staunch opponent of the Vietnam War, Gravel was perhaps best known for reading the "Pentagon Papers" into the public record.
Ran for Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 on a left-wing, anti-war platform. Briefly achieved viral celebrity due to his pugnacious debate performances and eccentric campaign ads.
Issues: At age 88, says he is not interested in winning the presidency but ran anyway to highlight issues he feels are important. Favors a non-interventionist foreign policy, direct democracy, and universal health care.
Ended campaign on August 6, 2019 and endorsed Bernie Sanders.

Kirsten Gillibrand
 
Gillibrand greets customers while campaigning for president at Revelstoke Coffee in Concord, New Hampshire, on Feb. 15, 2019.
BRIAN SNYDER / REUTERS
New York senator since 2009 and former New York representative

Elected to an upstate New York U.S. House seat in 2006, she was chosen to fill the U.S. Senate seat vacancy created when Hillary Clinton became secretary of state in 2009.
Considered a moderate in the House, she became more liberal after her promotion to the Senate.
Known as a stalwart critic of Mr. Trump.
Issues: Highlights many women's issues in her candidacy. Has fought to bring attention to sexual assault in the U.S. military. Favors "Medicare for All" and the abolition of Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Ended her campaign on August 28, 2019.

Amy Klobuchar
 
Klobuchar addresses voters and answers questions at the Pizza Ranch restaurant on March 16, 2019, in Independence, Iowa.
Getty Images
Minnesota senator, elected in 2006

Says she was inspired to become politically active after she was forced to return to work one day after giving birth.
Was resoundingly reelected in 2018, winning numerous rural districts that had supported President Trump in 2016.
Had viral moment during questioning of Brett Kavanaugh during his Supreme Court confirmation hearings. At one point, when she asked if Kavanaugh had ever blacked out from drinking, he retorted: "Have you?" Kavanaugh later apologized for the outburst after Klobuchar noted her father struggled with alcohol addiction.
Issues: Considered a relative moderate in the field. Has criticized progressive proposals such as "Medicare for All" and the "Green New Deal." Says she favors affordable health care, election security and cutting prescription drug prices.
Ended campaign on March 2, 2020 and endorsed Joe Biden.

John Hickenlooper
 
John Hickenlooper speaks at the 2019 National Action Network National Convention in New York on April 5, 2019.
Lucas Jackson / REUTERS
Former Colorado governor and Denver mayor

Began his career as a geologist and later became a successful brewpub operator, with 15 locations in Colorado.
Was a pro-business governor who emphasized consensus building.
Has struggled to explain his beliefs, such as whether he is a capitalist or a socialist; has settled on emphasizing background as entrepreneur.
Hates negative ads so much he vowed not run any negative ads during his gubernatorial campaigns.
Issues: Signed expansion of Medicaid in Colorado; oversaw legalization of marijuana, though he personally opposed it. Says he wants to bring consensus-style governing to Washington.
Campaign ended on August 15, 2019.

Tulsi Gabbard
 
Gabbard greets supporters on Nov. 6, 2018, in Honolulu.
AP Photo/Marco Garcia
Hawaii representative, elected in 2012

Is an officer in the Army National Guard who served in Iraq.
Has questioned whether Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad ordered chemical attack on his own people, and in 2017 attracted controversy by meeting with him in Syria. Remains unwilling to say that Assad is an adversary of the U.S.
Endorsed Bernie Sanders for president in 2016, resigning her post as DNC vice chair to do so.
Was the first Hindu member of Congress.
Issues: Says her main issue is "war and peace." Would end what she says are "America's interventionist wars of regime change."
Ended her campaign on March 19, 2020.
Kamala Harris
 
Sen. Kamala Harris speaks to her supporters during her presidential campaign launch rally on Jan. 27, 2019, in Oakland, California.
Mason Trinca / Getty Images
California senator, elected in 2016; former California attorney general

Has been a vocal critic of the Trump administration and has subjected Trump nominees like Brett Kavanaugh to fierce questioning.
As California attorney general, created a reentry program for nonviolent, first-time drug offenders to help bring down recidivism rates.
Was elected to the Senate in 2016.
Is the daughter of a Jamaican father and and Indian mother.
Issues: Advocates for criminal justice and immigration reform; wants to give U.S. teachers a $13,500 average pay raise; has introduced middle- and lower-class tax cut measure.
Ended her campaign on December 3, 2019.
Jay Inslee
 
Inslee speaks during the "We the People" summit at the Warner Theatre on April 1, 2019, in Washington, D.C.
Getty Images
Washington governor and former Washington congressman

Was an early proponent of reducing greenhouse gases and reducing fossil fuel usage.
As governor, has challenged Trump administration policies, including the travel ban, through lawsuits.
Was originally elected to the House in 1992, then lost his seat in the next election before mounting a political comeback.
Issued a moratorium on executions in Washington in 2014.
Issues: Climate change is the center of his campaign. Also supports the legalization of recreational marijuana use and an increase in the minimum wage.
Ended his campaign on August 21, 2019.
Wayne Messam
 
Screenshot from Wayne Messam's 2020 campaign video
Wayne for America
Miramar, Florida, mayor, elected in 2014

Unseated 16-year incumbent and became first African-American mayor of Miramar.
Was a starting wide receiver on 1993 NCAA championship Florida State University team.
Says he would eliminate gun violence nationwide by the end of his administration,
Issues: Has passed living wage legislation in Miramar; proposes forgiving all student loan debt and repealing Trump tax cut.
Ended his campaign on November 20, 2019.
Beto O'Rourke
 
O'Rourke addresses his supporters at a kickoff rally on the streets of El Paso, Texas, on March 30, 2019.
Jose Luis Gonzalez / REUTERS
Former Texas representative

Attempted longshot campaign to unseat Sen. Ted Cruz in 2018 and failed, but managed to attract impressive crowds and donations and performed better than any Democrat running for statewide office Texas in decades.
Backed Tim Ryan's bid to unseat Nancy Pelosi as Democratic leader.
Advocates universal background checks, magazine size restrictions and other gun control measures.
Issues: Central issue for the El Paso Democrat is immigration. Supports a path to citizenship for DREAMers and opposes building of border wall.
Campaign ended on November 1, 2019.
Tim Ryan
 
Ryan speaks at the National Action Network's annual convention on April 5, 2019, in New York.
Drew Angerer / Getty Images
Ohio representative elected in 2002

Launched an unsuccessful bid to replace Nancy Pelosi, then House minority leader, in 2016;
Has broken with his party to support GOP-supported fracking measures;
Began his career in politics as an aide to Rep. Jim Traficant, whom he replaced when Traficant was convicted of corruption charges;
Issues: Wants to revamp the health care industry; would try to revitalize economies of Rust Belt communities, change tax code, bring electric auto manufacturing to Midwest.
Campaign ended in October 2019.
Bernie Sanders
 
Independent Vermont senator and former congressman and mayor of Burlington

Identifies as a democratic socialist.
Unsuccessfully ran for office numerous on a socialist third-party platform numerous times in the 1970s before being elected mayor of Burlington.
Ran for Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 against eventual nominee Hillary Clinton and won several major contests.
Is one of two independents in the U.S. Senate.
Opposed the U.S. war in Iraq, and remains a critic of American military interventionism.
Issues: Defining issue is economic inequality. Introduced "Medicare for All" bill in 2017 and 2019.
Ended his campaign on April 8, 2020.
Joe Sestak
 
Former Democratic Rep. Joe Sestak of Pennsylvania, stands onstage with his wife Susan and daughter Alex, after conceding the Pennsylvania Senate race to Republican Pat Toomey November 3, 2010.
William Thomas Cain / Getty Images
Former Pennsylvania representative

Retired Navy admiral who received two Legion of Merit awards, among other distinctions
Launched his campaign on June 24, 2019, less than a week before the first Democratic debate
Walked across the state of Pennsylvania as part of his 2016 congressional campaign against Sen. Pat Toomey
Issues: Citing his more than three decades of military experience, Sestak says he wants to "restore America's leadership in the world" by rejoining the Paris climate accord and the Iran nuclear deal.
Campaign ended on December 1, 2019.

Eric Swalwell
 
Swalwell speaks to guests during an event at the Iowa City Public Library on Feb. 18, 2019, in Iowa City, Iowa.
Getty Images
California representative elected in 2012

Does not plan to run for Congress while running for president, although he's suggested he may change his mind if his campaign falters early on.
Has been one of Mr. Trump's most outspoken critics.
A frequent guest on cable news shows.
Issues: Gun safety is his top agenda item.
Campaign ended in July 2019.

Elizabeth Warren
 
Warren speaks at the South by Southwest conference and festivals in Austin, Texas, on March 9, 2019.
SERGIO FLORES / REUTERS
Senator from Massachusetts, elected in 2012

Was a law professor at several colleges, including the University of Texas, the University of Pennsylvania, and Harvard.
Was the architect of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) in the wake of the 2008 economic crisis.
Won her Senate seat in 2012 after Republicans blocked her bid to take control of the CFPB.
Considered one of the foremost progressives in Congress.
Was a registered Republican until the mid-1990s.
Issues: Favors more financial regulation and an expansion of government services. Has embraced "Medicare for All," new taxes on the wealthy, and the "idea" of the "Green New Deal." Has what is widely considered the most detailed and specific policy platform.
Ended her campaign on March 5, 2020.

Marianne Williamson
 
Marianne Williamson attends the Project Angel Food's Angel Awards on August 22, 2015, in Hollywood, California.
Photo by Araya Diaz/Getty Images for Project Angel Food
Author of self-help books and promoter of "New Age" spirituality

Seven of her twelve books have appeared on the New York Times bestseller list.
An activist, founded the nonprofit group Project Angel Food, which brings food to the seriously ill, and worked closely with HIV and AIDS patients in the 1980s and 1990s.
Has also advocated on behalf of various anti-war causes.
Issues: Williamson believes the federal government should spend hundreds of billions of dollars over the next 20 years on reparations for African Americans. She is also a critic of the U.S. economic system, explaining that her views are similar to Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.
Ended campaign on January 10, 2020.

Andrew Yang
 
Yang attends Potluck Insurgency, a local Democratic activist event, at the home of one of its members in Iowa City, Iowa, on March 10, 2019.
Scott Morgan / REUTERS
Entrepreneur

Founded "Venture for America," a nonprofit that teaches young people to work at start-ups.
Launched his campaign in November 2017.
Is the fourth Asian American to run for president.
Issues: Supports the implementation of a Universal Basic Income, which he calls the Freedom Dividend, which would give money to all Americans. Also favors Medicare for All and the hiring of a White House psychologist to work on mental health issues.
Ended campaign on February 11, 2020.

Deval Patrick
 
Deval Patrick speaks during the Nevada Democratic's "First in the West" event at Bellagio Resort & Casino on November 17, 2019 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Getty Images
Former Massachusetts governor

Before serving as governor, he led the Justice Department's civil rights division under former President Clinton.
During his eight years as governor from 2007 to 2015, he implemented health care reforms that later served as a model for Obamacare and raised the state's minimum wage to $11 per hour.
A close ally of former President Obama's.
In the private sector, he was most recently a managing director at Bain Capital, a private equity firm.
Joined the race in November 2019.
Campaign ended February 12, 2020.

Tom Steyer
 
Democratic presidential candidate Tom Steyer appears on "Face the Nation" on Sunday, February 16, 2020.
CBS News
Former hedge fund manager

One of the biggest liberal political donors.
Used his fortune as a billionaire to launch a campaign to impeach President Trump.
Announced his run for the White House in July 2019.
Issues: Climate change is arguably his biggest -- he supports ending offshore drilling, has a five-pillar "Justice-Centered Climate Plan," and wants to make clean water a constitutional right. He opposes Medicare for All but is in favor of expanding health care access. Supports raising taxes on the wealthy.
Campaign ended February 29, 2020.

Michael Bloomberg
 
Democratic presidential hopeful Former New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg speaks during the ninth Democratic primary debate of the 2020 presidential campaign season co-hosted by NBC News, MSNBC, Noticias Telemundo and The Nevada Independent at the Paris Theater in Las Vegas, Nevada, on February 19, 2020.
Getty
Former New York City mayor

The 77-year-old billionaire is self-funding his campaign, meaning he won't be eligible to appear in Democratic debates.
He was previously registered as an Independent and Republican.
He founded Everytown for Gun Safety, a nonprofit that advocates against gun violence.
Through Bloomberg Philanthropies, he helps organizations combat climate change and promote public health, the arts, government innovation and education.
Issues: He opposes Medicare for All and wealth taxes but is an outspoken advocate for gun control and the environment.
Campaign ended March 4, 2020.
© 2019 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.



CBS Evening News
2020 New Laws: Higher minimum wage, gig worker benefits and health-cost caps
evening-news
By Carter Evans

January 1, 2020 / 8:42 PM EST / CBS News


Los Angeles — As the clock struck midnight, there were new laws that took effect across the country. The new decade started with a nice bonus for millions of workers.

Twenty-one states are raising their minimum wage. Florida is raising the state minimum wage $0.10 an hour, while Washington State's minimum wage increased $1.50 to $13.50 an hour.

In California, gig workers, including rideshare and delivery drivers, are now considered employees, making them eligible for paid sick leave and other benefits. Uber and Postmates are challenging the new law in court. On Tuesday, a federal judge temporarily blocked the law from impacting more than 70,000 independent truckers.

To help combat skyrocketing drug costs, Colorado is the first state to put a $100 copay cap on a monthly supply of insulin.  

In California, natural hairstyles, like afros, braids, and dreadlocks are now legally protected. This follows recent incidents, nationwide, of African Americans  being unfairly targeted because of their hair.


Starting Wednesday, all new houses built in California must have solar panels, a significant energy savings, but it also will add almost $10,000 to the cost of construction.

Washington is now the fifth state to raise the minimum age to 21 for buying tobacco or vaping products. That could also be a federal law later this year. Illinois now joins 10 other states in legalizing the use of recreational marijuana.

Also in Illinois, it is now illegal to stream video while driving, proving that some laws are designed to protect us from ourselves.



MoneyWatch
Top global risk in 2020? It's American politics, experts say
moneywatch
By Aimee Picchi

January 6, 2020 / 3:53 PM EST / MoneyWatch


As investors assess the threat of increasingly hostile relations between the U.S. and Iran, Eurasia Group says the conflict isn't the biggest threat facing global economic and political stability this year. Instead, the top risk in 2020 is likely to be America's politics. 

"It's the first time in history of our firm that a domestic political risk is No. 1," said Ian Bremmer, president of the political risk consultancy, in a conference call to discuss the geopolitical advisory firm's annual risk-assessment forecast. The firm started in 1998, he noted. 

At the heart of the issue is the November presidential election, with Bremmer predicting that many Americans will view the results as illegitimate no matter the outcome. The Senate is likely to acquit President Donald Trump in his forthcoming impeachment trial, heightening political tensions in an already polarized nation, he added. In a close election this fall, the losing side will claim the results were "rigged," leading to instability and legal challenges, Bremmer said.

"Meaningful [France-style] social discontent becomes more likely in that environment, as does domestic, politically inspired violence," Eurasia Group wrote in an analysis issued on Monday.

In addition, legislation could stall because of what the firm called a "non-functioning Congress," adding to mounting problems if the economy slows down, according to the Eurasia report.


China headwinds
The second biggest risk for 2020 is one that has been in the headlines throughout the past year, according to Eurasia: The decision by China to reduce its technological dependence on the U.S. following Mr. Trump's trade war with the country. 

"Caught off-guard by U.S. actions, President Xi Jinping has called for a new 'Long March' to break China's technological dependence on the U.S.," the report noted. "At the same time, China will expand efforts to reshape international technology, trade and financial architecture to better promote its interests in an increasingly bifurcated world."

That represents a shift away from decades of globalization, Bremmer said. He added that "very soon" the world's largest economy may no longer be America's capitalist system, but China's hybrid of state control and capitalism. 

Iran: Not at the top of the list
The threat of deteriorating U.S.-Iran relations ranks at No. 8, Eurasia Group said. That's partly because Bremmer said his group doesn't believe a full-scale military response will evolve from the U.S. killing of General Qassem Soleimani, the head of Iran's elite Quds military force and one of the most powerful figures in the Islamic Republic. 


"Iran is a committed adversary of the United States but also has a clear understanding of U.S. military power … as well as (now) a better sense of Trump's red lines and deterrence capacity," the report noted. 

Below is Eurasia Group's list of the top 10 risks for 2020.

U.S. domestic politics: As noted above, a polarized nation is heading into an election that could be contested by both sides, leading to legislative and economic challenges. 
"The Great Decoupling": China and the U.S. are cutting their technological ties, leading to disruptions in the globalization of trade and business.
U.S.-China tensions: As conflict between the U.S. and China festers, economic and security tensions will intensify. 
The waning influence of multinational companies: Regulatory and trade restrictions will lessen big companies' ability to generate wealth, growth and jobs. 
Pressure on India's Narendra Modi: Sectarian and religious conflicts are growing in India, which is facing a precarious fiscal situation. 
The European Union pulls away: The EU is growing more independent, which creates regulatory and economic risks for other countries. 
The politics versus economics of climate change: Political solutions to climate change aren't working, which increases the risks of economic disruptions and political instability. 
Tensions with Iran and the Middle East: "U.S. policy toward the major Shia-led nations in the Middle East is failing," increasing the risks of regional instability and higher gas prices, Eurasia Group said.
Latin America's instability: Citizens in Latin American countries are angry about issues ranging from corruption to low-quality public services. That and other pressures are increasing risks across the region. 
Turkey: "President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has entered a period of steep political decline ... This year, his weakness will lead him to lash out. The response will further damage Turkey's already ailing economy," the group predicted.



Health
2020 turning out to be deadliest year ever in U.S., mainly due to COVID-19
December 22, 2020 / 4:31 AM EST / AP


This is the deadliest year in U.S. history, with deaths expected to top 3 million for the first time — due mainly to the coronavirus pandemic. Final mortality data for this year won't be available for months, but preliminary numbers suggest the United States is on track to see more than 3.2 million deaths this year, or at least 400,000 more than in 2019.

U.S. deaths increase most years, so some annual rise in fatalities is expected. But the 2020 numbers amount to a jump of about 15% and could go higher once all the deaths from this month are counted.

That would mark the largest single-year percentage leap since 1918, when tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers died in World War I and hundreds of thousands of Americans died in a flu pandemic. Deaths rose 46% that year compared with 1917.

COVID-19 has killed more than 319,000 Americans and counting. Before it came along, there was reason to be hopeful about U.S. death trends.

The nation's overall mortality rate fell a bit in 2019, due to reductions in heart disease and cancer deaths. And life expectancy inched up - by several weeks - for the second straight year, according to death certificate data released Tuesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

But life expectancy for 2020 could end up dropping as much as three full years, said Robert Anderson of the CDC.

The agency counted 2,854,838 U.S. deaths last year, or nearly 16,000 more than 2018. That's fairly good news: Deaths usually rise by about 20,000 to 50,000 each year, mainly due to the nation's aging, and growing, population.

Indeed, the age-adjusted death rate dropped about 1% in 2019, and life expectancy rose by about six weeks to 78.8 years, the CDC reported.

"It was actually a pretty good year for mortality, as things go," said Anderson, who oversees CDC death statistics.

The U.S. coronavirus epidemic has been a big driver of deaths this year, both directly and indirectly.

The virus was first identified in China last year, and the first U.S. cases were reported this year. But it has become the third leading cause of death, behind only heart disease and cancer. For certain periods this year, COVID-19 was the No. 1 killer.

But some other types of deaths also have increased.

A burst of pneumonia cases early this year may have been COVID-19 deaths that simply weren't recognized as such early in the epidemic. But there also have been an unexpected number of deaths from certain types of heart and circulatory diseases, diabetes and dementia, Anderson said.

Many of those, too, may be related to COVID. The virus could have weakened patients already struggling with those conditions, or could have diminished the care they were getting, he said.

Early in the epidemic, some were optimistic that car crash deaths would drop as people stopped commuting or driving to social events. Data on that is not yet in, but anecdotal reports suggest there was no such decline.

Suicide deaths dropped in 2019 compared with 2018, but early information suggests they have not continued to drop this year, Anderson and others said.

Drug overdose deaths, meanwhile, got much worse.

Before the coronavirus even arrived, the U.S. was in the midst of the deadliest drug overdose epidemic in its history.

Data for all of 2020 is not yet available. But the CDC reported last week that there were more than 81,000 drug overdose deaths in the 12 months ending in May, making it the highest number ever recorded in a one-year period.

Experts think the pandemic's disruption to in-person treatment and recovery services may have been a factor. People also are more likely to be taking drugs alone - without the benefit of a friend or family member who can call 911 or administer overdose-reversing medication.

But perhaps a bigger factor are the drugs themselves: COVID-19 caused supply problems for dealers, so they are increasingly mixing cheap and deadly fentanyl into heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine, experts said.

"I don't suspect there are a bunch of new people who suddenly started using drugs because of COVID. If anything, I think the supply of people who are already using drugs is more contaminated," said Shannon Monnat, a Syracuse University researcher who studies drug overdose trends.



Politics
Julián Castro drops out of 2020 presidential race
By Grace Segers

January 2, 2020 / 6:22 PM EST / CBS News


Washington — Former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro is dropping out of the presidential race, he announced in a video released by his campaign on Thursday.

"With only a month before the Iowa caucuses, and given the circumstances of this campaign season, I have determined that it simply isn't our time," Castro said in the video. "So today it is with a heavy heart and profound gratitude that I will suspend my campaign for president."


Castro, who served as mayor of San Antonio for five years before joining the Obama administration in 2014, struggled to find a foothold in a crowded Democratic primary field and lagged behind other candidates in terms of fundraising. In November, the campaign eliminated field offices in New Hampshire and South Carolina, and Castro failed to meet the threshold to appear at the most recent debate in December.

Castro, the only Latino candidate in the race, focused his campaign on issues like immigration, poverty and police brutality. In the video announcing the end of his campaign, Castro stressed his advocacy for the "most vulnerable folks in this country" and referenced the names of several black Americans killed by police officers in recent years.

His campaign noted he was the first candidate to travel to Puerto Rico as part of his campaign, and the first to publicly support opening an impeachment inquiry against President Trump.

In perhaps the most memorable moment of his bid, Castro clashed with former Vice President Joe Biden over health care during a debate in September. In a heated exchange, Castro suggested repeatedly that Biden had forgotten what he had just said. "Are you forgetting what you said two minutes ago?" Castro asked, a thinly veiled reference to Biden's gaffes that critics have attributed to his age.

Castro was reportedly on the short list to be Hillary Clinton's pick for vice president in 2016, and could once again be among those considered as a running mate for the eventual Democratic nominee in 2020. Reacting to his decision to drop out, Senator Elizabeth Warren called Castro a "powerful voice" who "will continue to be a leader in our party and our country for many years to come."

Castro's announcement on Thursday comes as other Democratic candidates announced huge fundraising hauls in the fourth quarter of 2019. Pete Buttigieg announced that his campaign raised $24.7 million in the fourth quarter, while Bernie Sanders raised $34 million.

The video announcing his departure ends with Castro saying "ganaremos un día," or, "we will win one day."


Politics
How to watch the 2020 Democratic National Convention – Day 4
By Caroline Linton

August 19, 2020 / 11:38 PM EDT / CBS News


Joe Biden takes center stage Thursday night at the Democratic National Convention as he officially accepts his party's nomination for president. The fourth and final night of the convention will feature speakers from 9-11 p.m. ET. 

CBSN will provide live coverage and analysis throughout the day, with full coverage beginning at 5 p.m. ET on "Red & Blue," with Elaine Quijano. At 8:30 p.m. ET, tune in ahead of each night's convention speakers and live coverage of the proceedings. CBSN coverage continues at 11 p.m. ET with post-convention analysis.

From 10-11 p.m. ET, CBS television stations will broadcast live coverage anchored by "CBS Evening News" anchor and managing editor Norah O'Donnell. 

Download the free CBS News app for full CBSN coverage and live convention updates. CBSN streaming is available on all major platforms, including iOS, Android, Roku, Amazon, Apple, Samsung and Pluto.

How to watch the Democratic National Convention
What: Democratic National Convention
Date: Monday, August 17 through Thursday, August 20, 2020
Convention coverage on CBSN: 5 p.m. ET, 8:30 p.m. ET
Convention speakers live on CBSN: 9-11 p.m. ET
Convention coverage on CBS television stations: 10-11 p.m. ET
Post-convention coverage on CBSN: 11 p.m. ET
Live blog updates: Follow along on CBSNews.com
Online stream: Live on CBSN — in the player above and on your mobile or streaming device.
The first night of the convention featured an impassioned speech by former first lady Michelle Obama, who urged Americans to "vote for Joe Biden like our lives depend on it." Senator Bernie Sanders called for his progressive supporters to unify behind the Biden-Harris ticket, and blasted President Trump's failed response to the coronavirus pandemic, saying, "Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Trump golfed." 

Jill Biden and former President Bill Clinton headlined the proceedings on Tuesday.

Wednesday night featured vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris and a speech by former President Barack Obama urging the nation to rally behind his former VP. 

Here is who is slated to speak on the last night of the Democratic National Convention:

Thursday
Senator Cory Booker
Governor Gavin Newsom
Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms
Former Mayor Pete Buttigieg
Senator Tammy Baldwin
Senator Tammy Duckworth
Senator Chris Coons
The Biden family
Former Vice President Joe Biden


Local News
Swalwell 'Close To Making A Decision' On Potential 2020 Presidential Run
sanfrancisco
January 30, 2019 / 2:58 PM PST / CBS San Francisco


WASHINGTON (CBS SF) – Rep. Eric Swalwell, who represents the East Bay in Congress, said he is nearing a decision about a potential run for the White House in 2020.

"I'm close to making a decision. I'll be in New Hampshire tomorrow, so I'm excited for that," Swalwell told CNN as he walked off the House floor Wednesday.

On his trip in New Hampshire, Swalwell said, he hopes to "talk to Granite Staters about what their idea of the future of America is" and "how (his) ideas could work and lift up their vision and aspirations."

Swalwell hinted at a possible presidential run last summer and has often visited early primary states such as Iowa and New Hampshire in the past two years.

"I do think that though our country's path forward is through a candidate who can bring new energy, new ideas and new leadership, new confidence to solve these problems," he said before an event with constituents in Fremont last August.

00:00

02:00
See More




Swalwell, 38, has represented his district covering parts of Alameda and Contra Costa counties since 2013.

Last month, Swalwell made headlines when he told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that he would be open to running on a ticket with former Vice President Joe Biden, with the former Delaware senator either leading the ticket or being Swalwell's vice presidential pick.

If he decides to run, Swalwell would join a crowded field of Democrats seeking to unseat President Donald Trump and would not be the only candidate from the Bay Area. Sen. Kamala Harris officially kicked off her campaign with a rally in Oakland on Sunday.

Last year, the representative did not appear deterred about a long list of challengers.

"We're going to have 15 to 20 people run, that is probably the best thing about this. I think crowded primaries flush out weaknesses and leaders emerge," Swalwell said at the time.

© Copyright 2019 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten. CNN contributed to this report.


Markets
Most CFOs see a U.S. recession coming by 2020
moneywatch
By Kate Gibson

Updated on: December 12, 2018 / 11:23 AM EST / MoneyWatch


Considering that major corporations have been busy shedding workers, it follows that corporate finance leaders see a U.S. recession ahead. Evidence of a slowing economy has been popping up, including recent large-scale cuts in head count by U.S. corporations such as General Motors and Verizon.

Eighty-two percent of chief financial officers polled believe a recession will have started by the end 2020, and nearly 49 percent think the downturn will arrive sometime next year, according to the Duke University/CFO Global Business Outlook, released Wednesday. 

"The end is near for the near-decade-long burst of global economic growth," said John Graham, a finance professor at Duke's Fuqua School of Business and director of the survey. "The U.S. outlook has declined, and moreover the outlook is even worse in many other parts of the world, which will lead to softer demand for U.S. goods."

Worst-case projections would see capital spending drop in 2019, accompanied by flat hiring, found the survey conducted Friday of more than 500 CFOs, including 226 from North America.

Global agreement
CFOs were also pessimistic in other regions of the world, especially in Africa, where 97 percent said they believe their countries will be in recession no later than year-end 2019, the survey found.

"CFOs are getting ready for a recession in the next 18 months," said Campbell Harvey, a founding director of the survey and technology innovation professor at Fuqua. "All of the ingredients are in place: a waning expansion that began in June 2009 -- almost a decade ago -- heightened market volatility, the impact of growth-reducing protectionism and the ominous flattening of the yield curve, which has predicted recessions accurately over the past 50 years."


The Duke findings align with other signals indicating that some companies are girding for a slowdown. More than a half-million U.S. workers have been laid off so far this year, a 28 percent higher pace than this time last year, according to consultancy Challenger Gray & Christmas. 

A gloomy forecast could also be heard in recent corporate explanations of cutbacks. GM Chairman and CEO Mary Barra said the automaker opted to close five plants and lay off tens of thousands of workers to "stay in front of market conditions."

Glass half-full
Yet some economists give decidedly different odds of a recession hitting, at least in 2019. Oxford Economics' bond market-influenced "yield-curve model" puts the odds of a recession around 15 percent during the next 12 months, the firm said in a research note. Factoring in the dangers of a policy-induced economic slowdown raises the chances. In that case, Oxford Economics pegs odds of a recession at about 20 percent in 2019 and 35 percent in 2020.

Others also don't see a recession around every corner. Higher interest rates and the waning effects of this year's corporate tax cuts have helped fuel stock-market losses and push Treasury yield curves to 11-year lows, while jobless claims have edged up amid consensus views the economy will slow next year, noted Joseph LaVorgna, chief economist for the Americas at Natixis. Still, "for now, we remain optimistic on the economy," LaVorgna wrote in a research note Tuesday, "projecting a continuation of above-trend economic activity."



Politics
Bloomberg taking steps to enter 2020 Democratic presidential race
By Ed O'Keefe

November 7, 2019 / 10:40 PM EST / CBS News


Washington — Michael Bloomberg is taking steps to enter the 2020 Democratic presidential campaign, a person familiar with his plans tells CBS News.

Bloomberg, 77, has dispatched aides to Alabama to file paperwork in the state to run as a Democrat. The Cotton State doesn't hold an early Democratic presidential primary, but has the earliest filing deadline for the presidential campaign. Taking steps to file paperwork is the most serious signal yet that the former New York mayor and billionaire is seriously planning for a White House run.

The New York Times first reported Bloomberg's plans to file to run in Alabama.

Howard Wolfson, a longtime Bloomberg adviser, said in a statement that Bloomberg "is increasingly concerned that the current field of candidates is not well positioned" to defeat President Trump.

"If Mike runs he would offer a new choice to Democrats built on a unique record running America's biggest city, building a business from scratch and taking on some of America's toughest challenges as a high-impact philanthropist," Wolfson said. "Based on his record of accomplishment, leadership and his ability to bring people together to drive change, Mike would be able to take the fight to Trump and win."

In an interview with "Face the Nation" moderator Margaret Brennan in late October, Bloomberg expressed his reservations about the Democratic field.

"I have my reservations about the people running and their campaigning, the promises they're making that they can't fulfill, and their willingness to admit what is possible and what isn't and their inconsistency from day to day," he said. "This is not the way to run a railroad."


U.S.
Authentic wins 2020 Kentucky Derby
By Jordan Freiman

Updated on: September 5, 2020 / 7:19 PM EDT / CBS News

Authentic on Saturday won the 146th Kentucky Derby, denying Tiz the Law a shot at the Triple Crown. Tiz the Law came into the race as the favorite at 4/5 odds.

The Run for the Roses, usually the first leg of the Triple Crown, was pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic. Instead, the Belmont Stakes, the traditional last race in the Triple Crown, was held first this year. Tiz the Law won that race on June 20, becoming the first New York-bred horse to win the contest since 1882.

146th Kentucky Derby 
LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY - SEPTEMBER 05: Authentic #18, ridden by jockey John Velazquez crosses the finish line to win the 146th running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs on September 05, 2020 in Louisville, Kentucky.
/ Getty Images
Authentic was trained by Hall of Famer Bob Baffert, who has trained two Triple Crown winners. Baffert now has six Kentucky Derby wins, tying him for the all-time record with Ben A. Jones, who also trained two Triple Crown winners.

146th Kentucky Derby 
LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY - SEPTEMBER 05: Jockey John Velazquez, poses with the trophy after winning the 146th running of the Kentucky Derby aboard Authentic #18 as trainer Bob Baffert looks on at Churchill Downs on September 05, 2020 in Louisville, Kentucky.
Getty Images
The final Triple Crown race this year will be the Preakness Stakes, scheduled for October 3.

Like the Belmont Stakes, Saturday's contest was held without fans in attendance. Multiple protests converged outside Churchill Downs prior to the race, however. According to CBS affiliate WLKY-TY, the group Until Freedom is marching and demanding the officers involved in the shooting death of Breonna Taylor be charged and arrested. Another group, NFAC, which WLKY characterized as a "Black militia" is also protesting.

The protests were met by "back the blue" counter protesters at Jefferson Square Park in downtown Louisville before the groups began marching to Churchill Downs.

Trump holds last 2020 MAGA rally; Biden sweeps tiny NH town
Updated on: November 3, 2020 / 7:33 AM EST / CBS News

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/
 link copied

President Trump held his last 2020 campaign rally well after midnight on Election Day in Michigan after a marathon day of campaigning in swing states on Monday. Joe Biden had wrapped a few hours earlier after barnstorming Pennsylvania, a critically important state to both parties. 

Biden swept all five votes in the tiny New Hampshire town of Dixville Notch, which votes at the stroke of midnight on Election Day and is the first to report its results. Mr. Trump won in nearby Millsfield, which also casts its ballots at midnight, with the president taking 16 votes to Biden's 5. 

In Texas, where early voter turnout surpassed the total voter turnout in 2016, a federal judge on Monday rejected a lawsuit filed by four Republicans seeking to prevent officials from counting nearly 127,000 votes cast at drive-thru polling locations in the Houston area. Hours after the judge's order was filed Monday, Harris County Clerk Chris Hollins announced that nine of the county's 10 drive-thru polling locations would be closed Tuesday. Hollins claimed the closures were enacted to protect ballots from being thrown out.

As of Monday, 97 million Americans nationwide had already voted, suggesting there will be record turnout at the polls this year. CBS News has compiled a full list of what time the polls close in each state here.

Latest Updates:
Harris County clerk says only 1 drive-thru location will be open Tuesday
Biden sweeps vote in Dixville Notch
Trump jokes about not paying staffer trying to fix mic
Biden delivers final message: "Tomorrow is the beginning of a new day"
 Harris at last stop before Election Day: "It ain't over til it's over"
 2:06 AM / November 3, 2020
Trump wraps final 2020 MAGA campaign rally after 1 a.m. on Election Day
 President Trump wrapped his final 2020 campaign rally at 1:13 a.m. on Election Day in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Mr. Trump hit his usual campaign points, and when he asked the crowd who had already voted, he said "good, save it for Tuesday." 

The rapper Lil' Pump, whom Mr. Trump called "one of the big superstars of the world," was invited onstage, although Mr. Trump  mistakenly referred to him as "Little Pimp." 

"I've come here to say, Mr. President, I appreciate everything you have done for our country," Lil' Pump said. "You brought the troops home, you're doing the right thing. MAGA 20 20 20, don't forget that!" 

Mr. Trump also recounted his victory in 2016, saying that on election night, "we came home late and we watched a beautiful victory. And we're going to have another beautiful victory tomorrow." 

Donald Trump Ends Presidential Campaign With Two Rallies In Michigan 
President Donald Trump reacts after speaking during a rally on November 3, 2020 in Grand Rapids, Michigan. 
Kamil Krzaczynski / Getty Images
By Caroline Linton
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-55daf428
 link copied
 1:22 AM / November 3, 2020
Harris County clerk says only 1 drive-thru location will be open Tuesday
Hours after a federal judge dismissed a bid by Republicans to throw out ballots from drive-thru polling locations in Harris County, Clerk Chris Hollins announced that nine of the county's 10 drive-thru polling locations would be closed Tuesday, the final day of voting for this year's election. 

Hollins wrote in a series of tweets that Hanen's order left the door open for challenges to votes cast Tuesday at all but one drive-thru location. Hanen wrote Tuesday that Texas election law allows for "movable structures" as early voting locations — which he said the tents used to how drive-thru ballot boxes qualify as — but not for election day locations. 

"In order to allow for drive-thru voting on Election Day while ensuring that all votes will be counted, the only drive-thru voting center on Election Day will be at Toyota Center," Hollins tweeted Tuesday night, referring to the arena home of the NBA's Houston Rockets.

"I know that drive-thru voting is a safe and convenient option for Harris County voters, but we also have 800 walk-in voting centers available for Election Day that we have worked tirelessly to make safe for voters and election workers," Hollins said.

Harris County's drive-thru sites are all located near to in-person voting locations.

Read more here.

By Graham Kates
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-1c368abb
 link copied
 12:28 AM / November 3, 2020
Biden sweeps all 5 votes in tiny Dixville Notch
 All five voters in the tiny New Hampshire town of Dixville Notch, which is the first town to vote in the country, cast their ballots for Joe Biden. The vote was held at the stroke of midnight.


Les Otten, who said he was a lifelong Republican, cast the first ballot for Biden. "I don't agree with him on a lot of issues, but I believe it's time to find what unites us, not what divides us," he said in a video posted to Dixville Vote's Twitter feed.

"My vote today is meant to send a message to my fellow Republicans that our party can find its way back," he said. "It's time to return to the values that our conservative government holds dear."

By Caroline Linton
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-179b3158
 link copied
 11:28 PM / November 2, 2020
Trump jokes about not paying staffer trying to fix mic
President Trump held his second-to-last rally of the 2020 campaign in Kenosha, Wisconsin, where there was a microphone problem. That led to Mr. Trump venting about "the worst microphone I've ever used in my entire life." 

"And we're supposed to pay these people, right?" Mr. Trump quipped of the audio staff after his podium microphone let out a screech. At one point, the president walked to the end of the stage, grabbed another handheld mic, then promptly polled the audience about which microphone sounded better. The consensus was unclear, but eventually the handheld microphone won out.  

"I'm always saying, I want a perfect mic," Mr. Trump noted. After a staffer came on stage to try and fix the president's microphone, the president said, "I don't like to pay bills when people do a bad job." He eventually relented. "They come from Kenosha so I'm going to pay the bill anyway. What the hell." 

Donald Trump Holds Campaign Rally In Wisconsin The Night Before Election Day 
President Donald Trump speaks to supporters during a campaign rally at the Kenosha Regional Airport on November 02, 2020 in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Scott Olson / Getty Images
Kenosha is the site of civil unrest this summer after police shot Jacob Blake, a Black man, seven times. A White teen is accused of opening fire at protests over Blake's shooting, killing two people and wounding a third. 

At Monday's rally, Mr. Trump mentioned the unrest this summer by noting he had been there over the summer.  "You were in the news, right? You were in the news," he said. He also lamented seeing businesses board up in anticipation of violence after Election Day.

By Nicole Sganga
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-9af6f91c
 link copied
 10:46 PM / November 2, 2020
Biden delivers final message: "Tomorrow is the beginning of a new day"
Joe Biden held his final campaign rally in Pittsburgh on Monday night, finishing out the 2020 campaign with an upbeat message. 

"Folks, I have a feeling we're coming together for a big win tomorrow," Biden said. He added that "tomorrow is the beginning of a new day" and there is "nothing that is gonna stop this nation from voting."

Biden also stressed that he will not ban fracking, after President Trump has repeatedly insisted Biden is against fracking. Fracking has been central to the economy of western Pennsylvania, where Pittsburgh is located. 

US-vote-BIDEN 
Democratic Presidential candidate and former US Vice President Joe Biden gestures after speaking during a Drive-In Rally at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on November 2, 2020. 
JIM WATSON/AFP via Getty Images
By Caroline Linton
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-db5e1c3a
 link copied
 10:03 PM / November 2, 2020
Harris at last stop before Election Day: "It ain't over til it's over"
Kamala Harris spoke at a drive-in rally in Philadelphia on the eve of Election Day, appearing with her husband Doug Emhoff and singer John Legend.

Harris said she "knew" America would elect Biden, but "we can't let up, because it ain't over til it's over." 

She told the crowd of about 750 what she had seen while out campaigning, saying she had seen people "lining the streets" and "the energy out there is real."

"Across our country, you can feel that something is happening, in big cities and small towns," Harris said.

Kamala Harris Campaigns In Pennsylvania On Eve Of Election Day 
Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) addresses supporters at a drive-in election eve rally on November 2, 2020 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
Mark Makela / Getty Images
By Caroline Linton
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-560e93bd
 link copied
 7:40 PM / November 2, 2020
Nevada GOP "evaluating an expedited appeal" after judge denies appeal to pause counting ballots in Clark County
Nevada Republicans say they are "evaluating an expedited appeal" to the battleground state's highest court after a lower court judge on Monday filed an opinion denying their joint plea with Mr. Trump's campaign to pause the counting of early ballots in Clark County, the state's most populous. 

Democrats in the state have repeatedly decried the GOP's complaints around the county's handling of election observers and mail ballots, and Nevada Attorney General Aaron Ford in a statement Monday denounced the case as part of "the president's deliberate attempts to undermine Nevada's elections."

In his order denying the Republicans' petition, Nevada District Judge James Wilson said "the above-cited statutes created observers not counters, validators, or auditors. Allowing such access creates a host of problems."

By Alexander Tin
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-2f9db4b2
 link copied
 4:34 PM / November 2, 2020
Federal judge rejects GOP effort to toss 127,000 ballots in Texas
A federal judge on Monday dismissed a lawsuit filed by four Republicans seeking to prevent officials from counting about 127,000 votes cast at drive-thru polling locations in the Houston area.

The lawsuit asked a judge to invalidate votes cast at the drive-thru sites. Harris County's 10 drive-thru locations were established as part of an effort to limit the spread of coronavirus.

Judge Andrew Hanen's ruling comes just over a day before voting concludes in the presidential election, and a day after the Texas Supreme Court denied a similar petition seeking to block Harris County's drive-thru votes filed by the same group of Republicans. The Texas Supreme Court already rejected a similar case last month.

In delivering his decision in court just half an hour after hearing arguments, Hanen criticized the timing of the lawsuit.

"I don't find it timely. (Planning for drive-thru voting) has been going on basically all summer," Hanen said. "And then at least since October 16, people have actually, I think it's the 16th, have been voting. And to file it late last week, I find that not to be timely and that therefore the likelihood of success does not weigh."

He said the plaintiffs did not adequately argue why, even if Harris County's plan was not permissible, voters should be punished. 

"They voted according to the statute as far as they're concerned, that also weighs into balancing the harms. We have over 120,000 people that have already voted. With the vast, vast, vast majority of those did that in reliance on their public officials telling them that this was legal and this was the right way to vote and that it had been sanctioned," Hanen said.

Read more here.

By Graham Kates
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-0dc5a100
 link copied
 4:30 PM / November 2, 2020
Senior defense official: "No evidence" foreign actor has accessed election infrastructure
While U.S. intelligence and national security officials have warned voters to be aware of efforts by foreign actors to interfere in the general election through disinformation campaigns, a senior defense official said there is "no evidence a foreign adversary has gained access to election infrastructure."

"Given the size, complexity and diversity of America's electoral system no country has the ability to change the outcome of the election," the official said on the eve of Election Day.

By Melissa Quinn
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-2577cb33
 link copied
 4:09 PM / November 2, 2020
Former RNC communications director votes for Biden
Ryan Mahoney, the Republican National Committee's communications director during Mr. Trump's presidency from 2017 to 2019, announced on Twitter that he's voting for Biden. 

"Proud to vote country over party; proud to vote for @JoeBiden," Mahoney tweeted, along with a picture of his ballot. 


By Kathryn Watson
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-da55d616
 link copied
 2:40 PM / November 2, 2020
Biden campaign announces Election Day plans
Joe Biden, Jill Biden, Kamala Harris and Doug Emhoff will fan out to five battleground states to get out the vote on Election Day, the Biden campaign announced.

Biden is set to visit Scranton, where he was born, and Philadelphia, while Jill Biden will be in Tampa and St. Petersburg, Florida, as well as Wake County, North Carolina.

Harris, meanwhile, is set to travel to Detroit, Michigan, and Emhoff, her husband, will stump for Biden and Harris in Columbus, Ohio.

By Melissa Quinn
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-36fcf0fb
 link copied
 1:58 PM / November 2, 2020
Biden campaign outlines paths to victory on Election Day
Biden's top campaign officials held a briefing to detail their expectations for election night, outlining Biden's paths to victory and denouncing reports that the president might prematurely declare victory while millions of votes remain to be counted.

"It was reported yesterday that President Trump believes that if he wins the East Coast battleground states — Florida, North Carolina and Georgia — he plans to go out and declare victory. And we want to be clear with you — if he tries to do that, that will not be true," campaign manager Jen O'Malley Dillon said. "Under no scenario will Donald Trump be declared a victor on election night, and we think that's really fundamental to how we want to approach tomorrow."

O'Malley Dillon said Biden holds a "significant advantage" heading into Election Day, given his lead among early voters. "Leads like ours and what we're seeing will be difficult to overcome," she said, pointing to leads in states like North Carolina, Wisconsin and Arizona.

"What it means for Election Day is that, with our advantage coming into North Carolina, where we estimate about 87% of the projected vote is already in, we believe that Trump is going to need 62% of the votes on Election Day in order to win," O'Malley Dillon said, noting the campaign estimates that figure to be 61% and 60% in Wisconsin and Arizona, respectively.

"We know that all the ballots aren't going to be reported on election night, and in fact, that's not just our supporters, that's going to be his supporters, too," she said. "It's also going to be our military overseas who have turned in their ballots. It's also going to be our COVID frontline workers ... We believe every vote should be counted, as it always has been."

O'Malley Dillon outlined various ways Biden could win the 270 electoral votes needed to secure the White House, saying the president "has a very narrow path to win." 

"We can get to 270 without Florida, which is a significant advantage," she added, saying the campaign would still have "a clear and viable path" to 270 even if Mr. Trump wins Florida and North Carolina, both of which will begin reporting results earlier. That path runs through Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, which O'Malley Dillon said was also the former vice president's "easiest" path to victory.

screen-shot-2020-11-02-at-1-42-28-pm.png 
A slide from a briefing by Biden campaign officials on Monday, November 1, 2020.
Biden campaign
Campaign adviser Bob Bauer detailed the campaign's election protection program and said it has seen "minimal'' incidents of voters reporting difficulties exercising their right to vote.

The Biden campaign, he said, has deployed thousands of poll observers to assist election officials with identifying and addressing issues that may arise at the polls. Like O'Malley Dillon, Bauer dismissed the notion that Mr. Trump could declare himself the victor Tuesday night.

"It is absurd for the president to suggest there is any significance at all to his declaring victory on election night," Bauer said. "He has no constitutional legal right to declare himself the president."

"When you hear the noise out of election night from the direction of Donald Trump, if you read the tweets, if you read the tweets of some of his supporters echoing what he is saying, just ignore it. There's nothing to it," he continued.

Addressing potential legal challenges that may arise after Election Day, Bauer said the Biden campaign is "fully prepared" for any "legal hijinx" from the Trump campaign.

"I think it's very telling that President Trump is focused not on his voters but on his lawyers, and his lawyers are not going to win the election for him, there's no question about it," he said. "The case he's turning over to his lawyers when the voters have spoken is a case that no lawyer can win and his lawyers will not win it. We're going to match them, I assure you, and exceed them in quality and vigor and we'll protect the vote."

Stefan Becket and Melissa Quinn

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-cf9a13f7
 link copied
 12:50 PM / November 2, 2020
Justice Department sending monitors to 18 states ensure compliance with federal voting laws
The Justice Department announced its Civil Rights Division will dispatch personnel to 44 jurisdictions in 18 states to "monitor for compliance with the federal voting rights laws" on Election Day. 

This year, staff will be sent to counties and cities in the following states: Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia and Wisconsin. A full list of jurisdictions can be found here.

The Justice Department's move is not out of the ordinary. For the 2016 general election, the department deployed more than 500 employees to 67 jurisdictions in 28 states, and for Election Day in 2012, the Justice Department sent more than 780 observers and personnel to 51 jurisdictions in 23 states.

By Melissa Quinn
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-e718be4c
 link copied
 12:30 PM / November 2, 2020
Biden rebukes Trump's attacks on Fauci: "Elect me and I'm going to hire Dr. Fauci"
Addressing supporters at a drive-in rally in Cleveland, a last-minute addition to his campaign schedule, Biden lambasted the president for his handling of the coronavirus pandemic and said the first step toward defeating the virus is denying Mr. Trump a second term.

"This guy is a disgrace," the former vice president said of the president.

Responding to Mr. Trump's suggestion Sunday at a rally in Opa-locka, Florida, that he may fire Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's leading infectious disease expert, after the election, Biden said he will ensure Fauci remains in government if he wins the White House.

"Elect me and I'm going to hire Dr. Fauci and we're going to fire Donald Trump," Biden said.

The former vice president drew contrasts between his own middle class upbringing in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and Claymont, Delaware, with Mr. Trump's childhood in a wealthy neighborhood in Queens.

"It's about time a guy from a state university graduated into the White House because if I'm there, you're going to be there, too," Biden, who graduated from the University of Delaware, said.

By Melissa Quinn
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-c6ff5289
 link copied
 11:45 AM / November 2, 2020
Trump planning election night festivities at the White House
A senior administration official told CBS News that Mr. Trump is planning to host an election night party at the White House. Roughly 400 guests have been invited, though it's unlikely all will attend, the official said.

The party is expected to take place on the State Floor of the White House, which includes the East Room. While other festivities are set to take place around the nation's capital, it's unclear whether the president will appear at any other election night parties.

By Ben Tracy
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-6961ee58
 link copied
 11:42 AM / November 2, 2020
Republicans express concerns about Georgia
Some Republicans are concerned about the Peach State, which Mr. Trump won easily in 2016 but could spell trouble for him this year.

One plugged-in GOP donor in Georgia who has seen party battleground internal polls says Republicans have "lots of worries" about Georgia. 

Another Republican staffer on Capitol Hill said that Republicans are feeling weak-kneed about the state. This source said to keep an eye on the Senate race between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Senator David Perdue. It's possible that Perdue does poorly and drags Mr. Trump down with him, the person said. 

Voting in Georgia has already surpassed 2016 turnout, and high turnout usually means good things for Democrats. 

The Georgia GOP donor pointed to swelling Black and Latino populations in the state, along with GOP Governor Brian Kemp's unpopularity and strong get-out-the-vote efforts from Democrats. 

"There's a reason that President Trump made time for his Rome, Georgia, stop last night," the donor said.

Arden Farhi and Nicole Sganga

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-c2461d08
 link copied
 10:00 AM / November 2, 2020
DNC touts success of "IWillVote" initiative, releases new digital ad with Billie Jean King
The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is hailing the success of its voting initiative "IWillVote," revealing that its website iwillvote.com has attracted 18,599,788 individual visitors so far this year. With one day until Election Day, the DNC is also releasing a new digital ad featuring tennis legend Billie Jean King, urging Americans to vote if they haven't yet done so. The ad will run in key battleground states.

In the ad, King referenced the record turnout of Americans who have voted early. In a final push, King asks viewers to "help us make this election have the highest turnout in American history. Be a history maker — vote on Election Day."

Throughout the campaign, the DNC has released ads on various platforms featuring figures like former President Obama and "Hamilton" star Leslie Odom, Jr., directing people to the IWillVote website for more information on how and where to cast their ballots. Mr. Obama plugged the website in person at a rally in Flint, Michigan, on October 31.

"Just go to iwillvote.com," Mr. Obama said. "Find your polling place, get out there and vote."

The DNC's "I Will Vote" website provided voters with educational resources to identify vote-by-mail and early voting deadlines in their states. The website also gave voters the opportunity to request a ballot via email specific to their state, to print a vote-by-mail request form and to request an envelope with prepaid postage.

The site attracted its highest level of traffic on October 8, the night of the vice presidential debate between Vice President Mike Pence and Senator Kamala Harris. Nearly 1.7 million people visited the site, totaling more than 2.2 million page views, according to a DNC official. During the debate, Harris mentioned the website.

The DNC official noted that 507,703 people started the voter registration process through the website this year, and 636,358 people utilized the website to request a vote-by-mail application or to learn how to vote by mail in their state.

By Jack Turman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-4ed6dd4d
 link copied
 9:12 AM / November 2, 2020
Key House races to watch on Election Day
Although Democrats are in little danger of losing their majority in the House, there are several close elections in critical districts which could indicate which way the presidential race will swing. Here's a rundown of some key House districts that may flip in this election.

By Grace Segers
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-d48c1618
 link copied
 8:50 AM / November 2, 2020
Where Trump and Biden are speaking on Monday
Here's where both candidates are speaking on Monday:

Biden

Delivers remarks in Cleveland, Ohio, in the afternoon to encourage Ohioans to vote

Canvas kick-off in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, time TBD

Drive-in rally in Pittsburgh, time TBD

Drive-in rally with Dr. Jill Biden and Lady Gaga in Pittsburgh at 8:55 p.m. ET

Trump

Rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina, at 11:45 a.m. ET

Rally in Avoca, Pennsylvania, at 2:15 p.m. ET

Rally in Traverse City, Michigan, with Vice President Pence at 5:15 p.m. ET

Rally in Kenosha, Wisconsin, at 8 p.m. ET

Rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with Vice President Pence at 10:30 p.m. ET

By Melissa Quinn
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-a9be6f47
 link copied
 8:53 AM / November 2, 2020
Early vote total tops 94 million
Monday is the last day of the early-vote period, and so far, more than 94 million people have cast their ballots, which is 67.7% of the total votes counted in the 2016 general election, when 138 million Americans voted.

In-person early votes make up 34,045,137 of the total early votes so far. Of mail-in ballots, 59,961,024 have been returned, while 31,385,941 are outstanding.

By Cara Korte
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-71546338
 link copied
 8:49 AM / November 2, 2020
Trump to hit several swing states and Biden's hometown
The president will be campaigning in several swing states on Monday. He will kick off campaigning in Fayetteville, North Carolina, and then will travel to Scranton, Pennsylvania. 

Mr. Trump will then head to Kenosha, Wisconsin, which erupted in protests this summer after police shot Jacob Blake and a 17-year-old allegedly killed two people during demonstrations. 

Mr. Trump will cap the night off with an event in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with Vice President Mike Pence. 

By Caroline Linton
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/2020-election-trump-last-2020-maga-rally-biden-new-hampshire/#post-update-f08a16d3
 link copied
 8:47 AM / November 2, 2020
Obama to campaign in Georgia and Florida on Monday
Former President Obama will hold campaign events in Georgia and Florida on Monday, the Biden campaign announced Sunday. Mr. Obama will hold a get out the vote rally in Atlanta and then will have an election eve rally in Miami. 

Mr. Obama will be campaigning for Biden-Harris but also for Jon Ossoff, the Democratic challenger to incumbent Senator David Perdue. An October 25 CBS News Battleground Tracker poll found Ossoff trailing by 1 point.

Mr. Trump won Georgia by 5 points in 2016, but the CBS News Battleground Tracker ranks the state as a toss-up in this election. Mr. Trump campaigned in Rome, Georgia, on Sunday.

By Caroline Linton



Politics
Puerto Rico governor looks to move up 2020 Democratic primary
By Camilo Montoya-Galvez

June 12, 2019 / 3:06 PM EDT / CBS News


Washington — Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló is spearheading an effort to move up the date of the island's 2020 Democratic primary to highlight the pressing issues facing the U.S. territory, which some progressives worry are being neglected on the campaign trail. 

The measure, which is expected to pass the island's legislature in the coming weeks, would move the primary from the first Sunday in June to the last Sunday in March. Rosselló said the change would incentivize the two-dozen Democrats running for president to actively address proposals to remedy some of the island's woes, including stalled hurricane recovery efforts and a prolonged fiscal crisis. 

"You have a platform there in Puerto Rico to really zero in. It can be kind of the ground zero of the discussions of some of the issues that are important for the Democratic candidates," the governor told CBS News during an exclusive interview in Washington. "And I hope — and I expect — others to come to the island."

If the measure passes as expected, Rosselló said Democratic presidential campaigns will make more an effort to win over the state's delegates. In 2016, Puerto Rico had 67 Democratic delegates in play, more than than over two dozen states and territories.  

The governor is also pushing the Democratic National Committee (DNC) to hold a presidential debate in Puerto Rico and said a formal request will be forthcoming.

Puerto Rico Hurricane Maria Roofless 
In this June 18, 2018 photo shows an aerial photo of the Viequez neighborhood, east of San Juan, Puerto Rico. Thousands of people across Puerto Rico are still living in damaged homes, protected by blue plastic tarps, nine months since Hurricane Maria devastated the island. 
Dennis M. Rivera / AP
Rosselló said Puerto Rico — home to approximately 3.2 million U.S. citizens — can serve as a microcosm of issues that affect the entire nation but that are particularly pronounced on the island. "These issues that are important to all of the candidates that resonate in Iowa, in New Hampshire, in California and elsewhere, they resonate in Puerto Rico," he added. 

The governor said the "extreme" economic inequality on the island — which is the highest of any U.S. state or territory, based on the most widely recognized measure of income inequality — can help candidates highlight the issue of wealth disparity across the country.

On climate change, Rosselló said Puerto Rico can become a "model" for national efforts to reduce carbon emissions and expand renewable energy. He said the Caribbean island, unlike most areas in the mainland U.S., has felt the brunt of human-induced climate change by way of rising sea levels, severe droughts and powerful storms, like the pair that pummeled the U.S. territory in 2017. 

Rosselló, an ardent supporter of Puerto Rican statehood, also believes the island represents the most compelling example of voter disenfranchisement in the U.S. 

U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico can't vote in the general presidential election, as the island does not have electoral votes, unlike the District of Columbia, which also lacks voting representation in Congress but was granted electoral votes under the 23rd Amendment. Puerto Ricans who move to the mainland and register, however, can cast ballots in general elections. 

Under the 1979 Guaranteed Presidential Vote U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico Act, U.S. citizens on the island can vote in party primaries. 

"What better place to sort of highlight the effects of voter disenfranchisement than in Puerto Rico where you have 3.2 million U.S. citizens that are just disenfranchised?" Rosselló asked.



Face The Nation
Transcript: Dr. Anthony Fauci on "Face the Nation," February 16, 2020
face-the-nation
February 16, 2020 / 11:25 AM EST / CBS News


The following is a transcript of an interview with Dr. Anthony Fauci that aired Sunday, February 16, 2020, on "Face the Nation."

MARGARET BRENNAN: Joining us now is Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at NIH. Dr. Fauci, it's good to have you here. 

DR. ANTHONY FAUCI: Good to be with you. 

MARGARET BRENNAN: We were just hearing about the State Department sending planes to help evacuate some of these Americans who were on that cruise ship. Debora said more than 40 now. What can you tell us in terms of the Americans have been exposed and infected?

DR. FAUCI: Well, 40 of them have gotten infected. They are not going to go anywhere. They're going to be in hospitals in Japan. People who have symptoms will not be able to get on the evacuation plane. Others are going to be evacuated starting imminently to Air Force bases in the United States. If people on the plane start to develop symptoms, they'll be segregated within the plane. So there's a very firm plan with this 747 that is going to take these passengers now who have been there. If you want to stay in Japan, your last chance would be to get on the plane and leave or you stay there. When you come back to the United States, importantly, they're still subjected to a 14 day quarantine. And the reason for that is that the degree of transmissibility on that cruise ship is essentially akin to being in a hot spot. A lot of transmissibility on that cruise ship.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So for the Americans who are infected, what does that actually mean? What is the state of their health?

DR. FAUCI: Yeah, well, it varies. I mean, you could be infected and have minimal symptoms, but you still have the possibility of transmitting it to someone else. 

MARGARET BRENNAN: OK. 

DR. FAUCI: Or you could be infected and have some significant lung disease that would require hospitalization and perhaps even some serious intervention.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Now, Malaysian health authorities have also said there was an 83 year old American woman who had been on a different cruise ship which ended up docking in Cambodia. She landed in Malaysia and then tested positive. This kind of spread, does this indicate this is becoming a pandemic?

DR. FAUCI: Well, a pandemic is when you have multiple countries throughout the world that have what's called sustained transmission from person to person to person, multiple generations. Right now, there are 24 countries in which there were over five hundred cases. Several of them are starting to get to the second and third transmission. So technically speaking, the WHO wouldn't be calling this a global pandemic, but it certainly is on the verge of that happening reasonably soon unless containment is more successful than it is right now.

MARGARET BRENNAN: As Debora said, there are experts landing in China this week. 

DR. FAUCI: Right.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Americans will be among them. 

DR. FAUCI: Right. 

MARGARET BRENNAN: Is there anyone from your team and- and what is the difference--

DR. FAUCI: Yeah. 

MARGARET BRENNAN: --if, say, the CDC had been allowed in--

DR. FAUCI: Right. 

MARGARET BRENNAN: --versus the WHO?

DR. FAUCI: You know, MARGARET, to be honest with you, we really should not be talking about that because the sensitivity of coming out ahead of the Chinese of making any kind of announcement. But you're correct, there certainly-- 

MARGARET BRENNAN: But the Chinese ambassador was on this program last week and he indicated Americans were on that list. 

DR. FAUCI: Well, then if he says it, then they're on that list. Yes.

MARGARET BRENNAN: But- but what is the difference there? Why would it be more beneficial to have-- 

DR. FAUCI: Well, for two reasons--

MARGARET BRENNAN: --your agency be able to send people, have CDC officials there?

DR. FAUCI: Well, the reason is because first of all, this- our CDC are the best epidemiologists in the world. They can be helpful to the Chinese as well as get information firsthand, eyes, ears and boots on the ground. So it really is to be helpful as part of the WHO group.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Because the WHO has been criticized, perhaps being too careful around the Chinese government in their part of the U.N. agency. They receive international funding. China has tremendous power over them. Is that criticism fair?

DR. FAUCI: You know, I don't know if it's fair or not, but certainly it's been spoken about. I mean, clearly, the director of WHO, Dr. Tedros, is really an outstanding person. And under very difficult circumstances, I think he's doing a very good job.

MARGARET BRENNAN: The president has said at least twice so far that the virus could tick down in these warmer months ahead. He indicated--

DR. FAUCI: Right.

MARGARET BRENNAN: --President Xi told him that.

DR. FAUCI: Right.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Is that how the virus actually works?

DR. FAUCI: This virus, we don't know. But it is not unreasonable to say that influenza, for example, which peaks in the winter, you would certainly expect it by March, April and May to taper down, as well as typical common cold coronaviruses. That's not an unreasonable statement. However, we do not know what this particular virus is gonna do so. So we would think it would be a stretch to assume that it's going to disappear with the warm weather. We don't know that. It's completely unknown.

MARGARET BRENNAN: You said recently that you could have some kind of vaccine within a year or so. 

DR. FAUCI: Right, right.

MARGARET BRENNAN: How do you speed up that timeline and how do you fix the problem you said you have, which is finding a manufacturer?

DR. FAUCI: Right. Well, first of all, MARGARET, that one year timeline would be the world's indoor record of ever getting a vaccine out, at least to be able to early deploy. You can't do any better than that. If you go any faster, you'll be cutting dangerous corners.

MARGARET BRENNAN: And no manufacturer, yet?

DR. FAUCI: Oh yeah manufacturers. Once you get a vaccine that, you know works, the difficulty is having companies take that risk of hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars to scale up to make it available.

MARGARET BRENNAN: All right. So you're still looking for a partner on that?

DR. FAUCI: I think we're gonna get them--

MARGARET BRENNAN: OK. 

DR. FAUCI: --because I'm seeing interest on the part of pharmaceutical companies that we did not see with SARS and other outbreaks.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Dr. Fauci, thank you for this update. I appreciate it.


CBS Evening News
Cory Booker joins historically diverse field of candidates in 2020 race
evening-news
By Ed O'Keefe

February 1, 2019 / 6:36 PM EST / CBS News


Washington — New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker announced Friday he's running for president, making him the fifth Democrat to officially join the 2020 race. Three others have launched exploratory committees.

"I'm going to run a race about not who I'm against or what I'm against, but who I'm for and what I'm for," Booker said.

He said he was running for president to restore civic grace in America. The 49-year-old Rhodes Scholar and former mayor of Newark chose the first day of Black History Month to jump into the race.

His first moves, including interviews targeting Latinos and African Americans, are designed to win over those most loyal Democrats. For example, last year, 90 percent of black voters backed Democratic candidates for Congress. In 2016, they were a quarter of Democratic primary voters nationwide and more than six in 10 in the early primary state of South Carolina.

The 2020 contenders
Medicare for All emerges as first litmus test for 2020 Democratic contenders
Booker joins a historically diverse field that is speaking far more openly about race.

In an interview with "Face the Nation" moderator Margaret Brennan airing on Sunday, President Trump said he's unimpressed with Booker.

"He's got no chance," he said.

On Friday, a notable apology came from Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who is set to formally announce her candidacy next week. She reached out to leaders of the Cherokee Nation to apologize for taking and releasing a DNA test last fall showing she had a trace of Native American ancestry, something Mr. Trump has repeatedly mocked.

The tribe said they "are encouraged by this dialogue" and "hope that the slurs and mockery of tribal citizens and Indian history and heritage will now come to an end."



U.S.
John Krasinski is throwing a virtual prom for the class of 2020
By Caitlin O'Kane

April 17, 2020 / 11:38 AM EDT / CBS News


Like many events, proms and graduations across the U.S. have been canceled due to social distancing guidelines. High school seniors will miss out on the typical milestones many kids spend their teen years looking forward to. Actor John Krasinski said he couldn't stand the thought of so many kids missing prom — so he's going to throw them one.

Krasinski announced on social media he would hold a virtual prom on Friday night for all the kids in the class of 2020. "The Office" star has been posting daily episodes of his new digital show, "Some Good News," to spread joy during this dark time. He posted an invitation to his virtual prom on the show's Instagram page.

The location: YouTube Live. The dress code: Formal. Featuring: John Krasinski and friends. The livestream will begin at 8:00 p.m. ET, according to the invite. The star also shared a photo of himself at his own prom in 1997. "We know it's been hard for some of you to be missing prom, so we're bringing prom to YOU," he wrote in the caption.


View this post on Instagram
Your formal #SGNProm invitation 🕺🏻💃⁠⠀ ⁠⠀ Who's coming? Tag your friends below and make sure you tune in on YouTube Live. We've got more than a few surprises for you up our sleeve.

A post shared by Some Good News (@somegoodnews) on Apr 16, 2020 at 2:15pm PDT

This is just one of the many things Krasinski has done to brighten people's lives during this unprecedented time. On each episode of "Some Good News," he shares stories of hope and inspiration. He has even invited some famous friends on the show, including Robert De Niro, who served as the show's weatherman, and his "The Office" cast mate Steve Carrel also joined. 

In another episode, Krasinski, who is from the Boston area, and Boston Red Sox legend David Ortiz surprised a group of hospital workers with Red Sox tickets for life. Krasinski invited nurses and respiratory therapists from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston as guests via teleconference to thank them for their service during the coronavirus pandemic. Ortiz later appeared and expressed gratitude to them as well. 

In another "Some Good News" episode, the actor surprised a 9-year-old girl named Aubrey, whom he dubbed "heartbreak correspondent," with a "Hamilton" performance. Krasinski enlisted Lin-Manuel Miranda and other stars from the Broadway musical to join their video conference and start singing songs from the show for one very positive "zoom bombing" incident.



CBS Mornings
Deval Patrick on why he can "break through" crowded 2020 Democratic field
cbs-mornings
By Nicole Brown Chau

November 14, 2019 / 11:42 AM EST / CBS News


Deval Patrick, who announced Thursday that he is running for president, said on "CBS This Morning" he changed his mind about entering the 2020 race because he sees an opportunity "for big ideas." The former Massachusetts governor called the current field of Democrats "really talented," but questioned if they could "pull the nation together."

"We seem to be migrating to, on the one camp, sort of nostalgia — let's just get rid, if you will, of the incumbent president and we can go back to doing what we used to do," he said. "Or, you know, it's our way, our big idea, or no way. And neither of those, it seems to me, seizes the moment to pull the nation together."

Patrick, 63, said on "CBS This Morning" in June, that it would be hard to "break though" the field of Democrats "without being a celebrity or sensationalist." However, on Thursday, he said "you can't know if you can break through if you don't get out there and try." Making his announcement less than three months before the Iowa caucus, he said his life experiences help him relate to struggling Americans today.

"The anger and anxiety that I hear about and I read about and I see and I witness and listen to in all kind of corners of the country today is familiar to me for the same reasons, having grown up on the South Side of Chicago, the sense that the economy just kind of gets up and kicks you to the curb," he said.      

"I've been waiting for a moment like this my whole life," he said. "I don't mean a moment to run for president but a moment when the appetite for big ideas is big enough for the size of the challenges we face in America."     

When pressed about his stance on certain issues, Patrick said he doesn't support Medicare For All "in the terms we've been talking about," but supports a public health care option. He said he supports eliminating or vastly reducing student debt, and he thinks taxes should increase for "the most prosperous and the most fortunate" citizens.

"I think a wealth tax is — makes a lot of sense directionally. My idea would be a much, much simpler tax system for everyone where we eliminate all or most of the deductions and we smooth out and simplify the system we have," he said.

Patrick said he spoke with former President Barack Obama prior to his announcement and both agree that "we need to reach for the best of America."

"Not just the best of our party and not just the best of our supporters, but the best of America," Patrick said. "And that's going to come from a whole lot of people who have checked out and have felt, I think, rightly left out and left back. And what we want to do is bring them back in."

Patrick has been a CBS News political contributor since September, but in light of his decision, he will no longer serve in that role.

Patrick served as Massachusetts governor from 2007 to 2015 and was the U.S. assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division under former President Bill Clinton. He also has held corporate roles, including his most recent position as a managing director at Bain Capital, a private equity firm.

Dow closes below 20,000, wiping out nearly all the gains of Trump's presidency
moneywatch
By Aimee Picchi

Updated on: March 18, 2020 / 7:55 PM EDT / MoneyWatch


Stocks nosedived on Wednesday following the fourth trading halt in two weeks, with Wall Street spooked by the deepening economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. President Donald Trump earlier in the day announced that U.S. and Canada will block "non-essential traffic" from traveling across the northern border to control the disease's spread.

The Dow fell 1,335, or 6.3%, to close at 19,903. Earlier in the day, stocks tumbled more than 10%, triggering the market's "circuit breaker" that halts trading for 15 minutes. Trading is stopped when stocks decline by 7%, 13% or 20% in a single session. The broad-based S&P 500 fell 5.2%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq slumped 4.7%.

"Markets were quick to give back Tuesday's gains, with equities returning to a sea of red," TD Securities analysts said.

Wednesday's slump wipes out roughly three years of stock market gains, with the Dow closing below 20,000 for the first time since 2017. On January 20, 2017, the day of President Donald Trump's inauguration, the index closed at 19,827. The S&P 500, which ended Thursday at 2,398, is just 227 points above its level when Mr. Trump formally took office.

The decline is noteworthy for its speed, with the losses mounting over the course of four weeks. The Dow had hit an all-time record on February 12, a little over a month ago, with the S&P and Nasdaq peaking a week later. 


The widening pandemic, which has led to at least 109 deaths in the U.S., is prompting cities and states across the U.S. to order residents to stay home and to shut restaurants and bars and other gathering places. Those measures are spiraling through the economy, leading to layoffs and sharp declines in revenue for many consumer-focused businesses. The U.S. is likely already in a recession, according to Oxford Economics. 

"We now see a severe global recession occurring in the first half of 2020," Deutsche Bank's economists wrote in a research note. "The quarterly declines in GDP growth we anticipate substantially exceed anything previously recorded going back to at least World War II."

The decline on Wednesday wipes out yesterday's market gains, which were fueled by President Donald Trump and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin announcement that the administration and Congress were working on a "big" and "bold" legislative package to address the coronavirus crisis. Mnuchin added that the administration is "looking at sending checks to Americans immediately." 

That bounce followed Monday's rout that marked Wall Street's worst day since the epic "Black Monday" crash in 1987. 

"The global pandemic of COVID-19 has sent world equity markets into bear market territory," said Burt White, chief investment officer for LPL Financial, in an email. "The result is a cumulative 30% drop in the S&P 500 Index in just under 30 days."


While it's unclear how long the coronavirus pandemic will last, President Trump earlier this week said it could go on through July or August. In the short-term, economists say the damage could be deep, leading to job losses, a spike in unemployment and a decline in GDP.

"Attention is understandably focused on limiting the damage from the short-term effects of the coronavirus outbreak," Oxford Economics said in a Wednesday note. "But it's likely that, once disruption and uncertainty fade, the rebound in global economic activity will be strong. It's important for firms to position themselves for such a recovery."



MoneyWatch
Wall Street increasingly expects a "Blue Wave" in next month's election
moneywatch
By Stephen Gandel

October 16, 2020 / 5:05 PM EDT / MoneyWatch


Wall Street firms are increasingly advising their clients to prepare for a "Blue Wave" of victories in next month's national election. Such an outcome would land Joe Biden in the White House and give Democrats a majority in both chambers of Congress.

In the past month, at least five of Wall Street's top strategists have sent reports to investors predicting a Democratic sweep. Goldman Sachs told clients in a research note earlier this week that the odds of Biden winning the presidency and Democrats gaining a majority in the Senate is roughly 65%. Analysts with the investment bank pointed out that stock prices have been rising since September, coinciding with political polls tilting increasingly toward Biden. 

Goldman also wrote that stocks and other investments that tend to rise when investors expect more inflation have lead the market higher since mid-September. This "reinflation trade," as it is called on Wall Street, is being fueled in part by expectations that a Blue Wave next month will increase the likelihood of lawmakers approving another major round of federal spending on unemployment benefits, cash payments for Americans and other stimulus measures. 

Jason Draho, a strategist at UBS, told clients last week that markets were starting to price in a "Blue Wave outcome." That consensus, which has hardened over the last month, is emerging despite a recognition on Wall Street that the political polls showing Biden well ahead of President Donald Trump could be misleading — just as the polls largely failed to predict Mr. Trump's victory four years ago. 

"The level of conviction that Hillary Clinton would win was high as well," Draho told CBS MoneyWatch. "But there is less confidence in the polls this time around, and I don't remember the possibility of a Blue Wave being part of the conversation in 2016."

Citigroup's top strategist, Tobias Levkovitz, also puts the odds of a Biden win at 65%. And earlier this week, Morgan Stanley's top U.S. stock strategist, Mike Wilson, said in a podcast published on the financial firm's website that investors now expect a "blue sweep." 

Prediction markets, where people wager on who'll prevail on Election Day, also foresee a win for Democrats. According to the Iowa Election Market, which is maintained by the University of Iowa, Biden has a 77% chance of winning. The likelihood that Democrats will gain control of both the House and Senate is 60%, according to the market.

Although stock market strategists are generally cautious in forecasting how a change in presidential administrations could affect financial markets, a number of Wall Street analysts have recently sought to reassure investors about the potential impact of a Biden win and a clean sweep for Democrats. 

"The consensus view is that a Democrat victory in November will be a negative for equities. However, we see this outcome as neutral to slightly positive," said Dubravko Lakos, a top strategist at JPMorgan Chase, in a recent report. 

Betting on more federal spending
The main reason investors appear sanguine: spending. Biden's economic blueprint would significantly boost government expenditures, which economists say is necessary to speed the country's recovery from the pandemic. Most market strategists also seem to think investors would welcome a larger stimulus package now even if that meant adding to the national debt, and possibly higher taxes in the future.

Last month, Moody's estimated that Biden's economic proposals could create 7.4 million more jobs over four years than under the economic agenda Mr. Trump has laid out. 

"The economic outlook is strongest under the scenario in which Biden and the Democrats sweep Congress and fully adopt their economic agenda," analysts with the credit rating agency wrote.

Last month was the hottest January on record, according to scientists
By Audrey McNamara

Updated on: February 13, 2020 / 10:40 PM EST / CBS News


Last month was the warmest January in 141 years of climate record-keeping, according to a monthly assessment by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The January 2020 record beat the January 2016 record by 0.04 degrees Fahrenheit (0.02 of a degree Celsius).

The warmest year ever recorded is 2016, followed by 2019. Both, however, could be displaced if this year's first month marks a trend.

According to a statistical analysis by NOAA's National Centers for Environmental Information scientists, 2020 is "very likely to rank among the five warmest years on record."


Global land and ocean surface temperatures in January 2020 were 2.05 degrees Fahrenheit (1.14 degrees Celsius) above the 20th-century average, according to NOAA. No land or ocean areas had record-cold January temperatures.

Notably, the record was "the highest monthly temperature departure without an El Niño present in the tropical Pacific Ocean." El Niño is a natural cycle of warming of the Central and sometimes Eastern Equatorial Pacific sea surface temperatures, occurring every few years on average.  

Temperatures have been ticking up in the 21st century. The 10 warmest Januaries have all occurred since 2002, with the four warmest all taking place in the last four years. 

The past 10 years marked the warmest decade on record, according to an annual global climate report released in January by NASA and NOAA. The past five years have been the warmest of the last 140 years.

"January 2020 marked the 44th consecutive January and the 421st consecutive month with temperatures, at least nominally, above the 20th-century average," according to NOAA.

While January 2020 was the warmest January so far overall, different parts of the globe saw differences in temperature rankings. The Northern Hemisphere had its warmest January on record, at 2.70 degrees F (1.50 degrees C) above average, but the Southern Hemisphere only had its second-warmest January on record, behind 2016.

According to NOAA, "the most notable warmer-than-average land temperatures" this January "were present across much of Russia and parts of Scandinavia and eastern Canada, where temperatures were 9.0°F (5.0°C) above average or higher." On the opposite end of the spectrum, "notable cool temperatures" were recorded in January across much of Alaska and parts of western Canada, with temperatures 7.2°F (4.0°C) below average or less.

While global temperatures increased in January, the weather in a particular region may not have correlated. This is because one month, or even one year, is not necessarily indicative of climate. 

"The difference between weather and climate is a measure of time," according to NASA. "When we talk about climate change, we talk about changes in long-term averages of daily weather." 



Face The Nation
Transcript: Scott Gottlieb discusses coronavirus on "Face the Nation," March 22, 2020
face-the-nation
March 22, 2020 / 11:42 AM EDT / CBS News

The following is a transcript of an interview of former FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb by CBS News' Margaret Brennan that aired Sunday, March 22, 2020, on "Face the Nation." 

MARGARET BRENNAN: Welcome back to FACE THE NATION. We turn now to former FDA commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb. He joins us from outside his home in Connecticut. Doctor, good to have you back with us. 

DR. SCOTT GOTTLIEB: Thanks.

MARGARET BRENNAN: You've been talking to Congress. You talked to the administration. And you've been clear that you believe there was a failure to plan in January for March. And you're saying now, in March, we need to be looking ahead and planning for May. Exactly what is it that all of us need to be planning for?

DR. GOTTLIEB: Well, right now, we're engaging in broad based population based mitigation techniques, things like stay at home orders, closing schools. These are population level techniques to try to break off chains of transmission. That's the right thing to do in cities like San Francisco and New York, where we see hotspots, where we see epidemic spread. Unfortunately, we're not engaging in those tactics across the whole country. There should be some form of mitigation across the whole country because we're all at risk. But we need to start thinking about how we transition away from that. Come April, come May, when the epidemic curve starts coming down, we can't just take our foot off the brake immediately. We need to start it- start including and introducing what we call case based interventions, trying to do mass screening and identify people who either are infected or who've been in close contact with people who've been infected and go towards more of an individual person approach rather than a population level approach. That planning needs to be underway right now. We need to know how we're going to slowly transition into another paradigm. It's not a question of either or. It's a question of substituting in other techniques that are less intrusive to- for what we're doing now.

MARGARET BRENNAN: You heard Dr. Fauci say there's no doubt we're going to get hit. He mentioned New York. There are some projections from New York hospitals that a peak could hit within the next 20 days. What is it that Americans need to be prepared for?

DR. GOTTLIEB: Well, I think that the scenes out of New York are going to be shocking. I think that the hospitals in the next two weeks are going to be at the brink of being overwhelmed and we're going to start to see places like Javits Convention Center and other facilities used to start to house people. They're going to start getting thousands of admissions coming into that city. And this was infection that started two weeks ago. The time to hospitalization is nine to 12 days. I think there's other cities that are at extreme risk. New Orleans is at very high risk and they're not taking appropriate measures. This is a sticky virus. We're learning that much more of the transmission probably happens from touching contaminated surfaces. So any city that has a mass transit system is probably at risk and needs to be taking very aggressive steps. Cities like Chicago, San Francisco, New York, Boston. You've seen San Francisco implement tough measures.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.

DR. GOTTLIEB: Illinois recently implemented tough measures. We need to continue that right now.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Is there an existing antiviral drug that is effective and- in at least containing this or preventing someone from getting seriously ill?

DR. GOTTLIEB: No, there's drugs that look promising, there's drugs that are in- in proper trials. We really need to continue to conduct research to figure out what works. Right now, there is no drug that looks like it's proven so overwhelming in early stage clinical trials that we can say it's highly promising. There's drugs that suggest that they may have activity against this virus. But the other question is, when you introduce the drug, sometimes when you introduce an antiviral drug late in the course of the disease, after people are in the critical care unit and very sick, it may not provide a benefit. Sometimes you have to introduce an antiviral drug earlier. And that's how we treat the flu, for example, with drugs like Tamiflu. We introduced them earlier in the course of the illness and that's where they have the greatest benefit.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So you would agree with Dr. Fauci that there needs to be clinical trials of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin, which the president said he thinks is already effective?

DR. GOTTLIEB: Absolutely, and that may not be the drug that ends up holding to his promise. The study that looked at that drug and showed activity was- was a study that involved about 20 patients and only six in the arm that showed the benefit. And the benefit that they showed was that they decrease the amount of virus in their- in their noses when you did nasal swabs in those patients. So it could very well be that the drug is reducing viral shedding, but having no impact on the clinical course of those patients. So the data on that is very preliminary. What we need to do is what we call a master protocol, where we basically test a lot of drugs at once. We randomize patients to different treatments so everyone gets a treatment if they need it and we figure out which is working the best. That's what we did with Ebola. We came up with some very--

MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.

DR. GOTTLIEB: --effective treatments against Ebola.

MARGARET BRENNAN: The Trump administration announced this past week that the first trial through NIH of a vaccine was started out in Seattle. Given the timeline for this, do resources need to be refocused from a vaccine into some of the treatments that- that you are talking about?

DR. GOTTLIEB: I think absolutely. We could have a drug, a potential prophylactic drug that could prevent people from getting an infection or even treating infection as early as this summer, especially when you look at some of the approaches where companies are developing antibodies that directly target the virus. I think this is highly promising. We need to be putting a lot of resources into that. Senator Daines introduced a provision in Capitol Hill that may be included in the final package and what it would do is it would basically scale up manufacturing right away for the promising treatments that make it into the government's sanction trials. So that if one ends up working, we're ready to distribute it on a mass scale. You have literally millions of doses available. Now, what's going to happen is a lot of those drugs won't work and we're going to end up throwing away the drug that we manufactured. But I think that's a small price to pay for the benefit of having drug available, if in fact one proves that it's working.

MARGARET BRENNAN: In other words, tax payers helping to subsidize some of this research immediately. When do you see us being able to plan about going back to normal life?

DR. GOTTLIEB: Well, I think it's going to be a slow transition. I think that the epidemic right now that's underway is probably going to peak sometime in April, probably late April and tail off into May and June and hopefully transmission will be broken off in July and August. We need to plan for what we're going to do in the fall to prevent another epidemic and outbreak. But life's never going to be perfectly normal till we get to a vaccine. We're always going to have to implement some measures, but they could be case based measures where we look at individuals and screened very aggressively for the virus and quarantine and isolate individual people rather than quarantining--

MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.  

DR. GOTTLIEB: --mass populations. That's what we need to get to. That's going to be a transition but we can get there. There is light at the end of this tunnel.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Dr. Gottlieb, thank you.


Entertainment
The Rolling Stones announce 2020 "No Filter" tour dates
By Sophie Lewis

February 6, 2020 / 1:44 PM EST / CBS News


The Rolling Stones are back — again. The iconic English rock band unveiled dates Thursday for their summer 2020 stadium tour. 

The band postponed its North American tour last May due to lead singer Mick Jagger's health, promising the shows in the U.S. and Canada would be rescheduled. The "No Filter" tour was slated to start April 20 in Miami before doctors told Jagger in late March he required treatment, reportedly for a heart valve issue.

"I'm so sorry to all our fans in America & Canada with tickets," Jagger tweeted at the time. "I really hate letting you down like this. I'm devastated for having to postpone the tour but I will be working very hard to be back on stage as soon as I can. Once again, huge apologies to everyone." 

In June, an energetic Jagger returned to the stage in Chicago to continue the tour. The 75-year-old showed no signs of ill health at the time, bringing his electric energy to every show with lead guitarist Keith Richards, 76, guitarist Ronnie Wood, 72, and drummer Charlie Watts, 78. 


The band will continue its "No Filter" tour, which began in 2017, with a 15-city run in May 2020, starting with San Diego and ending in Atlanta. 

"There's something about the rhythm of hitting the road. It gets in your blood," Jagger said in a promotional video for the upcoming tour. "Being on the road, you see a lot of the city. You meet a lot of people, you see old friends. It's magical." 

Tickets go on sale February 14, but pre-sale codes will be available earlier that week. 

Tour dates

May 8: San Diego, SDCCU Stadium 
May 12: Vancouver, BC, BC Place
May 16: Minneapolis, U.S. Bank Stadium 
May 20: Nashville, Nissan Stadium 
May 24: Austin, Circuit of The Americas
May 29: Dallas, Cotton Bowl Stadium
June 6: Buffalo, New Era Field 
June 10: Detroit, Ford Field 
June 14: Louisville, Cardinal Stadium 
June 19: Cleveland, FirstEnergy Stadium 
June 23: Pittsburgh, Heinz Field
June 27: St. Louis, The Dome at America's Center 
July 1: Charlotte, Bank of America Stadium 
July 5: Tampa, Raymond James Stadium 
July 9: Atlanta, Mercedes-Benz Stadium



Politics
Decision to speed up 2020 census schedule not made by Census Bureau, internal watchdog finds
By Melissa Quinn

September 22, 2020 / 9:15 AM EDT / CBS News


Washington — The Department of Commerce's internal watchdog found that a recent decision to condense the 2020 census schedule was not made by officials within the bureau and warned the shortened schedule for the decennial population count increases the risks to obtaining a complete and accurate count.

According to the report from the department's inspector general, senior officials at the Census Bureau said they did not know who made the decision to speed up the schedule for the 2020 census. Some, however, "speculated the decision came from the department, while others thought the decision likely came from the White House." 

The coronavirus pandemic led the Census Bureau to temporarily suspend certain operations for the 2020 census in March, but in mid-April, the Commerce Department and the Census Bureau said they would be seeking approval from Congress to extend the window for field data collection and self-response to the end of October. If Congress provided the relief, it would allow an additional 120 calendar days for apportionment counts to be delivered to the president, extending the deadline from December 31 to April 30, 2021.

One senior official with the Census Bureau told the inspector general's office the agency "got feedback that both sides of both houses of [C]ongress were supportive" of the proposal, and the report said bureau officials believed "a statutory extension to the apportionment date would be forthcoming because there was no resistance to the extension."

But over the summer months, the Commerce Department's inspector general said the landscape changed, calling into question support for the extensions. The Census Bureau began fielding questions about accelerating field operations and movement in Congress to pass legislation extending the December 31 deadline stalled. The Office of Management and Budget also said it would be requesting additional money for the Census Bureau to "maintain timely delivery," and President Trump issued his memorandum excluding undocumented immigrants from the count used to apportion congressional seats.

Mr. Trump's order, however, is being challenged in federal courts.

In early August, after briefing Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on options for meeting the initial apportionment deadline of December 31, the bureau announced it would be speeding up the schedule for the 2020 census.

In its review, the inspector general found that the shortened schedule "increases the risks to the accuracy of the 2020 Census," which determines how much communities receive in federal funding and the number of congressional seats each state receives. 

The Census Bureau sets a target to reach 99% of households, and a senior official with the bureau told the inspector general it "no longer [has] the runway" of time to correct errors through re-enumeration, which was needed in the 2000 and 2010 Censuses.

Top bureau officials also said they don't know what will happen if they don't hit the 99% target by September 30, which would allow for delivery of apportionment counts by year's end. 


Entertainment
NFL Hall of Fame class of 2020 announced
By Jordan Freiman

February 1, 2020 / 7:30 PM EST / CBS News

The complete Pro Football Hall of Fame class of 2020 was unveiled on Saturday, one day before Super Bowl LIV. Troy Polamalu and Edgerrin James lead this year's class of five modern-day inductees along with Steve Atwater, Isaac Bruce and Steve Hutchinson. 

Polamalu spent his entire 12-season career as a safety for the Pittsburgh Steelers. The two-time Super Bowl champion was known as much for his ability on the field as he was for his long flowing mane of dark curly hair. Polamalu was also selected to eight Pro Bowls and was named NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2010.

James is a former running back who spent 11 season with the Indianapolis Colts, Arizona Cardinals and Seattle Seahawks. James is a four-time Pro Bowler and holds the Colts franchise records for most career rushing yards, most career rushing touchdowns and most rushing yards in a single season. James led the league in rushing his 1990 rookie year and again the next season. He rushed for more than 1,000 yards in seven of his 11 seasons in the NFL.

Isaac Bruce was a wide receiver who spent 14 of his 16 seasons with the Los Angeles/St. Louis Rams. An integral part of the "Greatest Show on Turf," Bruce caught a 73-yard touchdown pass in Super Bowl XXXIV, which the Rams won 23-16 over the Tennessee Titans. Bruce made four Pro Bowls and led the league in receiving yards in 1996. Bruce finished his career with 1,024 receptions for 15,208 yards and 91 touchdowns.

Steve Hutchinson played guard for the Seattle Seahawks, Minnesota Vikings and Tennessee Titans. Hutchinson went to seven straight Pro Bowls from 2003-2009.

Atwater was a safety for the Denver Broncos from 1989-1998, and spent his final season in 1999 with the New York Jets. Atwater is a two-time Super Bowl winner with the Broncos and was a member of eight AFC Pro Bowl teams. 

To mark the 100th year of the NFL's existence, the 2020 centennial class is the largest class ever, featuring five modern-day inductees alongside two coaches, three contributors and 10 senior inductees to form a 20-person class.

Coaches Bill Cowher and Jimmy Johnson had already been announced as inductees during earlier NFL playoff games. Both men were surprised with the announcement live on-air while they were performing their normal duties as NFL analysts for CBS and Fox, respectively.

The senior inductees are: 

Harold Carmichael, receiver
Jim Covert, lineman 
Bobby Dillon, safety 
Cliff Harris, safety 
Winston Hill, lineman 
Alex Karras, defensive tackle 
Donnie Shell, safety 
Duke Slater, lineman 
Mac Speedie, defensive end
Ed Sprinkle, defensive linemen/linebacker        
The three contributors honored in 2020 are Steve Sabol, Paul Tagliabue and George Young. 

Sabol, along with his father Ed, is the co-founder of NFL Films. NFL Films highlights have become known for their excellent slow motion cinematography and iconic background music. Beginning in 1965, Philadelphia sports fixture John Facenda became the narrator of these highlight packages, earning him the nickname "The Voice of God" among NFL Fans.

Tagliabue was NFL commissioner from 1989-2006. During his tenure, the league introduced free agency and the expansion of the league from 28 to 32 teams. 

Young was the general manager of the New York Giants from 1979-1997. Prior to Young's arrival, the Giants spent much of the 1960s and all of the 1970s in a dismal state, failing to make the playoffs for 17 straight years. Young helped turn the franchise around, contributing to two Super Bowl wins during his tenure.


U.S.
93,000 people died of drug overdoses in U.S. during pandemic in 2020: "A staggering loss of human life"
Updated on: July 14, 2021 / 7:01 PM EDT / AP


Overdose deaths soared to a record 93,000 last year in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. government reported Wednesday.

That provisional estimate by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention far eclipses the high of about 72,000 drug overdose deaths reached the previous year and amounts to a 29% increase.

"This is a staggering loss of human life," said Brandon Marshall, a Brown University public health researcher who tracks overdose trends.

The nation was already struggling with its worst overdose epidemic but clearly "COVID has greatly exacerbated the crisis," he added.

Lockdowns and other pandemic restrictions isolated those with drug addictions and made treatment harder to get, experts said.

Jordan McGlashen died of a drug overdose in his Ypsilanti, Michigan, apartment last year. He was pronounced dead on May 6, the day before his 39th birthday.

Drug Overdoses Record 
This August 2017 provided by the family shows Jordan McGlashen, left, and his brother, Collin. Jordan died of a drug overdose in his Ypsilanti, Mich, apartment in 2020. 
/ AP
"It was really difficult for me to think about the way in which Jordan died. He was alone, and suffering emotionally and felt like he had to use again," said his younger brother, Collin McGlashen, who wrote openly about his brother's addiction in an obituary.

Jordan McGlashen's death was attributed to heroin and fentanyl.

While prescription painkillers once drove the nation's overdose epidemic, they were supplanted first by heroin and then by fentanyl, a dangerously powerful opioid, in recent years. Fentanyl was developed to treat intense pain from ailments like cancer but has increasing been sold illicitly and mixed with other drugs.

"What's really driving the surge in overdoses is this increasingly poisoned drug supply," said Shannon Monnat, an associate professor of sociology at Syracuse University who researches geographic patterns in overdoses. "Nearly all of this increase is fentanyl contamination in some way. Heroin is contaminated. Cocaine is contaminated. Methamphetamine is contaminated."

There's no current evidence that more Americans started using drugs last year, Monnat said. Rather, the increased deaths most likely were people who had already been struggling with addiction. Some have told her research team that suspensions of evictions and extended unemployment benefits left them with more money than usual. And they said "when I have money, I stock up on my (drug) supply," she said.

Overdose deaths are just one facet of what was overall the deadliest year in U.S. history. With about 378,000 deaths attributed to COVID-19, the nation saw more than 3.3 million deaths.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reviewed death certificates to come up with the estimate for 2020 drug overdose deaths. The estimate of over 93,000 overdose deaths translates to an average of more than 250 deaths each day, or roughly 11 every hour.

The 21,000 increase is the biggest year-to-year jump since the count rose by 11,000 in 2016.

More historical context: According to the CDC, there were fewer than 7,200 total U.S. overdose deaths reported in 1970, when a heroin epidemic was raging in U.S. cities. There were about 9,000 in 1988, around the height of the crack epidemic.

The CDC reported that in 2020 drug overdoses increased in all but two states: New Hampshire and South Dakota.

Kentucky's overdose count rose 54% last year to more than 2,100, up from fewer than 1,400 the year before. There were also large increases in South Carolina, West Virginia and California. Vermont had the largest jump, of about 58%, but smaller numbers — 118 to 186.

The proliferation of fentanyl is one reason some experts do not expect any substantial decline in drug overdose deaths this year. Though national figures are not yet available, there is data emerging from some states that seems to support their pessimism. Rhode Island, for example, reported 34 overdose deaths in January and 37 in February - the most for those months in at least five years.

For Collin McGlashen, last year was "an incredibly dark time" that began in January with the cancer death of the family's beloved patriarch.

Their father's death sent his musician brother Jordan into a tailspin, McGlashen said.

"Someone can be doing really well for so long and then, in a flash, deteriorate," he said.

Then came the pandemic. Jordan lost his job. "It was kind of a final descent."

Overdose Deaths Record 
In this Sunday, May 10, 2020 file photo, Sharon Rivera adjusts flowers and other items left at the grave of her daughter, Victoria, at Calvary Cemetery in New York, on Mother's Day. Victoria died of a drug overdose in Sept. 22, 2019, when she just 21 years old.
Kathy Willens / AP

Grammys 2020: All the winners and highlights
Updated on: January 26, 2020 / 5:56 PM EST / CBS News

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/
 link copied
It was music's biggest night – but this year's Grammy Awards took on a mournful tone as stars and fans paid tribute to basketball legend Kobe Bryant. The show opened with tributes to Bryant from Lizzo and host Alicia Keys. The Los Angeles Lakers legend died in a helicopter crash earlier Sunday. The Grammys were held in the Staples Center, where the Lakers play their home games.

Lizzo garnered the most nominations this year, but Billie Eilish took home the coveted awards for record, song and album of the year, along with Best New Artist. Eilish was the youngest person ever nominated for all four awards at the same time. Lil Nas X was nominated six times and walked away with two wins.

The Recording Academy also honored slain rapper Nipsey Hussle, who posthumously won the Grammy for best rap performance. DJ Khaled, John Legend, Meek Mill and others paid tribute.

Last year, former first lady Michelle Obama was a surprise guest at the Grammys. This year, she won the award for best spoken word album for the audio version of her memoir, "Becoming."

Grammy Awards 2020: Red carpet arrivals 
Grammy Awards 2020: Red carpet arrivals
60 photos
 11:53 PM / January 26, 2020
Longtime Grammy producer gets epic sendoff
In a tribute to longtime Grammy producer Ken Ehrlich, Camila Cabello, Gary Clark Jr and John Legend were joined by Ben Platt, Debbie Allen, Joshua Bell, Common, Misty Copeland, Lang Lang  and The War and Treaty to help say goodbye with a performance of "I Sing the Body Electric" from the movie musical "Fame." Ehlrich personally chose the song as a way to acknowledge the importance of music education in schools.

Ehlrich first produced the Grammys in 1980, the same year "Fame" was released. Ehlrich previously announced that he will be stepping down after this year's award ceremony. — Jordan Freiman, Amalia Nunez

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-0322970f
 link copied
 11:39 PM / January 26, 2020
Record of the Year
"Bad Guy" — Billie Eilish — Winner
"Hey, Ma" — Bon Iver
"7 Rings" — Ariana Grande
"Hard Place" — H.E.R.
"Talk" — Khalid
"Old Town Road" — Lil Nas X featuring Billy Ray Cyrus
"Truth Hurts" — Lizzo  
"Sunflower" — Post Malone and Swae Lee

Billie Eilish Wins Record Of The Year At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-95d56b6a
 link copied
 11:36 PM / January 26, 2020
Album of the Year
"When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?" — Billie Eilish — Winner  
"I, I" — Bon Iver
"Norman F***ing Rockwell!" — Lana Del Rey
"Thank U, Next" — Ariana Grande
"I Used to Know Her" — H.E.R.
"7" — Lil Nas X
"Cuz I Love You (Deluxe)" — Lizzo
"Father of the Bride" — Vampire Weekend

Billie Eilish Wins Album Of The Year At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-178a8719
 link copied
 11:26 PM / January 26, 2020
Best New Artist
Billie Eilish — Winner  
Black Pumas
Lil Nas X
Lizzo
Maggie Rogers
Rosalía 
Tank and the Bangas
Yola

Billie Eilish Wins Best New Artist At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-aa98aee7
 link copied
 11:10 PM / January 26, 2020
Ozzy Osbourne presents at Grammys following Parkinson's diagnosis
Ozzy Osbourne and his wife, Sharon, presented the Grammy for Best Rap/Sung Performance on Sunday. After presenting the award, the couple then introduced H.E.R. This was Osbourne's first public appearance since announcing he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Osbourne, one of the pioneers of hard rock and metal as both a solo artist and with Black Sabbath, also appeared at the red carpet ceremony with a cane.

US-ENTERTAINMENT-MUSIC-GRAMMY-SHOW 
British singer Ozzy Osbourne (L) and wife British television personality Sharon Osbourne present the award for Best Rap/Sung Performance during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles.
Getty
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-d31becd3
 link copied
 10:58 PM / January 26, 2020
Best Rap/Sung Performance
"Higher" — DJ Khaled featuring Nipsey Hussle and John Legend — Winner
"Drip Too Hard" — Lil Baby and Gunna 
"Panini" — Lil Nas X 
"Ballin" — Mustard featuring Roddy Ricch
"The London" — Young Thug featuring J. Cole and Travis Scott

DJ Khaled Featuring Nipsey Hussle And John Legend Win Best Rap/Sung Performance At 2020 GRAMMY Aw… by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-dbda1f53
 link copied
 10:47 PM / January 26, 2020
Nipsey Hussle remembered with all-star performance
Slain rapper Nipsey Hussle, who won Best Rap Performance — and has two Grammy nominations including Best Rap/Sung Performance for "Higher" with DJ Khaled and John Legend — was remembered with an all-star tribute. The performance kicked off with Meek Mill before John Legend, DJ Khaled and gospel singer Kirk Franklin joined together to perform the nominated track. 

They ended the performance with images of Nipsey and Kobe Bryant displayed on a screen as they paid their respects. 

Nipsey Hussle, Kobe Bryant tribute — 2020 Grammy Awards 
Images for the late Nipsey Hussle and Kobe Bryant are projected onto a screen while YG, John Legend, Kirk Franklin, DJ Khaled, Meek Mill, and Roddy Ricch perform onstage during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles, California.
Getty
By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-e77e7f1f
 link copied
 10:40 PM / January 26, 2020
Song of the Year
"Bad Guy" — Billie Eilish O'Connell and Finneas O'Connell, songwriters (Billie Eilish) — Winner  
"Always Remember Us This Way" — Natalie Hemby, Lady Gaga, Hillary Lindsey and Lori McKenna, songwriters (Lady Gaga)
"Bring My Flowers Now" — Brandi Carlile, Phil Hanseroth, Tim Hanseroth and Tanya Tucker, songwriters (Tanya Tucker)
"Hard Place" — Ruby Amanfu, Sam Ashworth, D. Arcelious Harris. H.E.R. and Rodney Jerkins, songwriters (H.E.R.)
"Lover" — Taylor Swift, songwriter (Taylor Swift)
"Norman F***ing Rockwell" — Jack Antonoff and Lana Del Rey, songwriters (Lana Del Rey)
"Someone You Loved" — Tom Barnes, Lewis Capaldi, Pete Kelleher, Benjamin Kohn and Sam Roman, songwriters (Lewis Capaldi)
"Truth Hurts" — Steven Cheung, Eric Frederic, Melissa Jefferson and Jesse Saint John, songwriters (Lizzo)

Billie Eilish Wins Song Of The Year At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-4bec28f0
 link copied
 10:21 PM / January 26, 2020
Demi Lovato makes comeback with powerful performance
In her first major comeback since her 2018 overdose, Demi Lovato delivered an emotional performance of her song, "Anyone." Lovato was so overwhelmed, she had to restart the song shortly after she began, and a tear could be seen rolling down her cheek. 

In an interview with New Music Daily with Zane Lowe for Apple Beats 1, Demi Lovato revealed the song was written just days before her near-fatal overdose, and saw the song as a "cry for help." Demi Lovato is now clean and sober and is gearing up to perform the national anthem at this year's Super Bowl. 

Lovato released the track shortly after the performance.


By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-7433d06c
 link copied
 10:13 PM / January 26, 2020
Lil Nas X brings out Billy Ray Cyrus, BTS, Diplo and Mason Ramsey for "Old Town Road"
Winning two out of his six nominations of the night so far, Lil Nas X performed his hit "Old Town Road" with a star-studded cast including Billy Ray Cyrus, Diplo, Mason Ramsey and BTS. A Kobe Bryant jersey was seen onstage at the beginning of the performance.

62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards - Inside 
BTS, Billy Ray Cyrus, and Lil Nas X perform onstage during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles, California.
Getty
By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-73be10b2
 link copied
 9:55 PM / January 26, 2020
Aerosmith and Run-D.M.C. perform "Walk This Way"
Despite the ongoing drama with drummer Joey Kramer, Aerosmith's performance went off without a hitch. The legendary rockers opened their performance with "Living On The Edge" before Run-D.M.C. joined them to perform their groundbreaking 1986 collaboration "Walk This Way." 

Run-D.M.C. paid tribute to their late band member, Jam Master Jay, who passed away in 2002, by using his logo as a backdrop. A member of Run-D.M.C.'s entourage also held up a number 24 Lakers jersey in honor of NBA player Kobe Bryant, who died earlier Sunday.

Steven Tyler, Run DMC — Grammy Awards 2020 
Singer-songwriter Steven Tyler (L) and guitarist Joe Perry (R) of Aerosmith and Darryl McDaniels of Run DMC perform during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles.
Getty
By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-cf086a92
 link copied
 9:52 PM / January 26, 2020
Best Rap Album
"Igor" — Tyler, The Creator — Winner
"Revenge of the Dreamers III" — Dreamville
"Championships" — Meek Mill 
"I Am > I Was" — 21 Savage 
"The Lost Boy" — YBN Cordae
The rapper was the first artist of the evening to get the "wrap it up" music treatment.


Tyler, The Creator Wins Best Rap Album At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-acdb67ec
 link copied
 9:43 PM / January 26, 2020
Ariana Grande brings the sound of music with a medley of hits
Returning to the Grammy stage, five-time nominee Ariana Grande began her performance with "Imagine" before transitioning into "7 Rings," which included a quick outfit change and a lingerie party backdrop. Grande closed out her medley with "Thank You Next."

By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-ff5a0682
 link copied
 9:20 PM / January 26, 2020
Camila Cabello performs "First Man" in touching tribute to her father
Camila Cabello — 2020 Grammy Awards 
Camila Cabello performs onstage during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles, California.
Getty
Grammy nominee Camila Cabello sang "First Man" off her sophomore album, "Romance," in an emotional performance dedicated to her father, who is in the audience. Cabello is nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for "Senorita" with Shawn Mendes.

By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-3dc89ad1
 link copied
 9:15 PM / January 26, 2020
Best Comedy Album
"Sticks & Stones" — Dave Chappelle  — Winner  
"Quality Time" — Jim Gaffigan
"Relatable" — Ellen DeGeneres
"Right Now" — Aziz Ansari
"Son Of Patricia" — Trevor Noah
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-e40021e5
 link copied
 9:04 PM / January 26, 2020
Usher, Sheila E and FKA Twigs perform medley in honor of Prince
Usher — 2020 Grammy Awards 
An image of the late Prince is projected on a screen while Usher, Sheila E. and FKA Twigs perform onstage during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles, California.
Getty
In a star-studded performance, R&B singer Usher performed "Little Red Corvette" and "When Doves Cry" with Sheila E — a frequent collaborator of the late Prince. Singer FKA Twigs then joined them onstage to perform "Kiss." The Prince tribute is a teaser for the upcoming special "Let's Go Crazy: A Grammy Salute to Prince" airing Tuesday, January 28 on CBS.

Usher — 2020 Grammy Awards 
Usher (C) performs onstage Sunday night.
Getty
By Amalia Nuñez
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-164be967
 link copied
 8:52 PM / January 26, 2020
Best Country Duo/Group Performance
"Speechless" — Dan + Shay — Winner  
"Brand New Man" — Brooks and Dunn with Luke Combs
"I Don't Remember Me (Before You)" — Brothers Osborne
"The Daughters" — Little Big Town
"Common" — Maren Morris featuring Brandi Carlile

Dan + Shay Win Best Country Duo/Group Performance At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-02380ae4
 link copied
 8:32 PM / January 26, 2020
Best Pop Solo Performance
"Truth Hurts" — Lizzo — Winner  
"Spirit" — Beyoncé   
"Bad Guy" — Billie Eilish
"7 Rings" — Ariana Grande 
"You Need to Calm Down" — Taylor Swift

Lizzo Wins Best Pop Solo Performance At 2020 GRAMMY Awards by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-b6320d8c
 link copied
 8:10 PM / January 26, 2020
Alicia Keys: "We're literally standing here, heartbroken, in the house that Kobe Bryant built"
Host Alicia Keys also paid tribute to Kobe Bryant at the top of the award show, noting, "We're literally standing here, heartbroken, in the house that Kobe Bryant built."

Boyz II Men then joined Keys onstage and sang "It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday."


Alicia Keys Pays Tribute To Kobe Bryant In 2020 GRAMMY Awards Opening by CBS on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-19c14336
 link copied
 8:06 PM / January 26, 2020
"Tonight is for Kobe": Lizzo kicks off 62nd Annual Grammy Awards
Lizzo, who has the most nominations of any artist this year, kicked off the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards by saying "Tonight is for Kobe."

Legendary Los Angeles Laker Kobe Bryant, along with his daughter, Gianna, died in a helicopter crash earlier on Sunday. The Lakers play their home games at the Staples Center, where the Grammys are being held. A large crowd of Lakers fans came to mourn the late NBA star.

The eight-time nominee then launched into a performance of  "Cuz I love you" before switching into an energetic rendition of her 2017 hit "Truth Hurts". Earlier in the night it was announced Lizzo won Best Contemporary Album for "Cuz I Love You", and Best Traditional Performance for her song "Jerome."  — Jordan Freiman, Amalia Nunez

Lizzo — Grammy Awards 2020 
Singer-songwriter Lizzo performs onstage during the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards on January 26, 2020, in Los Angeles.
Getty


https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-accc7d58
 link copied
 7:50 PM / January 26, 2020
Non-televised Grammy awards
Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media

Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper - "A Star Is Born"
Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media

Hildur Guðnadóttir - "Chernobyl"
Best Song Written for Visual Media

Lady Gaga - "I'll Never Love Again (Film Version)"
Best Recording Package

Chris Cornell - "Chris Cornell," Barry Ament, Jeff Ament, Jeff Fura and Joe Spix, art directors
Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package

Various Artists - "Woodstock: Back to the Garden - The Definitive 50th Anniversary," Masaki Koike, art director
Best Album Notes

Steve Greenberg - "Stax '68: A Memphis Story"
Best Historical Album

Pete Seeger - "Pete Seeger: The Smithsonian Folkways Collection"
Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical

Billie Eilish - "When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?" Rob Kinelski and Finneas O'Connell, engineers; John Greenham, mastering engineer
Best Remixed Recording

Madonna - "I Rise (Tracy Young's Pride Intro Radio Remix)"
Best Immersive Audio Album

Anita Brevik, Trondheimsolistene & Nidarosdomens Jentekor - "Lux"
Best Music Video

Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus - "Old Town Road (Official Movie)"
Best Music Film

Beyoncé - "Homecoming"
Best New Age Album

Peter Kater - "Wings"
Best Bluegrass Album

Michael Cleveland - "Tall Fiddler"
Best Traditional Blues Album

Delbert McClinton & Self-made Men - "Tall, Dark & Handsome"
Best Contemporary Blues Album

Gary Clark Jr. - "This Land"
Best Folk Album

Patty Griffin - "Patty Griffin"
Best Regional Roots Music Album

Ranky Tanky - "Good Time"
Best Reggae Album

Koffee - "Rapture"
Best Children's Music Album

Jon Samson - "Ageless Songs For the Child Archetype"
Best Spoken Word Album (Includes Poetry, Audio Books & Storytelling)

Michelle Obama - "Becoming"
Best Dance Recording

The Chemical Brothers - "Got to Keep On
Best Dance/Electronic Album

The Chemical Brothers - "No Geography"
Best Contemporary Instrumental Album

Rodrigo y Gabriela - "Mettavolution"
Best Instrumental Composition

John Williams - "Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge Symphonic Suite"
Best Arrangement, Instrumental or A Cappella

Jacob Collier - "Moon River" 
Best Arrangement, Instruments and Vocals

Jacob Collier Featuring Jules Buckley, Take 6 & Metropole Orkest - "All Night Long"
Best Improvised Jazz Solo

Randy Brecker - "Sozinho"
Best Jazz Vocal Album

Esperanza Spalding - "12 Little Spells"
Best Jazz Instrumental Album

Brad Mehldau - "Finding Gabriel"
Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album

Brian Lynch Big Band - "The Omni-american Book Club"
Best Latin Jazz Album

Chick Corea & the Spanish Heart Band - "Antidote"
Best Country Solo Performance

Willie Nelson - "Ride Me Back Home"
Best Country Song

Tanya Tucker - "Bring My Flowers Now"
Best Country Album

Tanya Tucker - "While I'm Livin'"
Best Gospel Performance/Song

Kirk Franklin - "Love Theory"
Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song

for KING & COUNTRY and Dolly Parton - "God Only Knows," Josh Kerr, Jordan Reynolds, Joel Smallbone, Luke Smallbone and Tedd Tjornhom, songwriters
Best Gospel Album

Kirk Franklin - "Long Live Love"
 Best Contemporary Christian Music Album

for KING & COUNTRY - "Burn the Ships"
Best Roots Gospel Album

Gloria Gaynor - "Testimony"
Best Latin Pop Album

Alejandro Sanz - "#ELDISCO"  
Best Latin Rock, Urban or Alternative Album

Rosalía - "El Mal Querer"
Best Regional Mexican Music Album (Including Tejano)

Mariachi Los Camperos - "De Ayer Para Siempre"
Best Tropical Latin Album - Tie

Marc Anthony - "Opus" | Aymée Nuviola - "A Journey Through Cuban Music"
Best Rap Performance

Nipsey Hussle - "Racks in the Middle [ft. Roddy Ricch and Hit-Boy]"
Best Rap Song

21 Savage - "A Lot [ft. J. Cole]," Jermaine Cole, Dacoury Natche, 21 Savage and Anthony White, songwriters
Best Engineered Album, Classical

Kronos Quartet - "Riley: Sun Rings," Leslie Ann Jones, engineer; Robert C. Ludwig, mastering engineer
Producer of the Year, Classical

Blanton Alspaugh  
Best Orchestral Performance

Los Angeles Philharmonic - "Norman: Sustain"
Best Opera Recording

Boston Modern Orchestra Project; Boston Children's Chorus - "Picker: Fantastic Mr. Fox"
Best Choral Performance

Ken Cowan; Houston Chamber Choir - "Duruflé: Complete Choral Works"
Best Chamber Music/Small Ensemble Performance

Attacca Quartet - "Shaw: Orange"
Best Classical Instrumental Solo

Nicola Benedetti - "Marsalis: Violin Concerto; Fiddle Dance Suite"
Best Classical Solo Vocal Album

Joyce Didonato - "Songplay"
Best Classical Compendium

Nadia Shpachenko - "The Poetry of Places"
Best Contemporary Classical Composition

Jennifer Higdon, composer - "Higdon: Harp Concerto"
Best Musical Theater Album

"Hadestown"  
Best Rock Performance

Gary Clark Jr. - "This Land"
Best Metal Performance

Tool - "7empest"
Best Rock Song

Gary Clark Jr. - "This Land"
Best Rock Album

Cage the Elephant - "Social Cues"
Best Alternative Music Album

Vampire Weekend - "Father of the Bride"
Best R&B Performance

Anderson .Paak - "Come Home [ft. Andre 3000]"
Best Traditional R&B Performance

Lizzo - "Jerome"  
Best R&B Song

PJ Morton - "Say So [ft. JoJo]"  
Best Urban Contemporary Album

Lizzo - "Cuz I Love You"
Best R&B Album

Anderson .Paak - "Ventura"
Best World Music Album

Angelique Kidjo - "Celia"
Best American Roots Performance

Sara Bareilles - "Saint Honesty"
Best American Roots Song

I'm With Her - "Call My Name," Sarah Jarosz, Aoife O'Donovan and Sara Watkins, songwriters
Best Americana Album

Keb' Mo' - "Oklahoma"
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance

Lil Nas X - "Old Town Road [ft. Billy Ray Cyrus]"
Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album

Elvis Costello & The Imposters - "Look Now"
Best Pop Vocal Album

Billie Eilish - "When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?"
Producer of the Year, Non-Classical

Finneas
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-435cb0ab
 link copied
 4:33 PM / January 26, 2020
Nipsey Hussle to be honored at Grammys
The late rapper Nipsey Hussle will be honored at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards. DJ Khaled, John Legen, Meek Mill and others will be part of the performance.


By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-0880c148
 link copied
 4:20 PM / January 26, 2020
DK Khaled talks to CBS "Sunday Morning" before the Grammys
DJ Khaled sat down for an interview with CBS "Sunday Morning" correspondent Kelefa Sanneh to talk about his career and much more. In the interview, which aired Sunday, Khaled wasn't shy about his many talents.

"Ask me what I do," he said.

"What do you do?"  Sanneh indulged.

"I'm a genius!" Khaled replied. "It's too many things I do."

By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/grammys-awards-show-2020-01-26-nominees-winners-highlights-performances-today-live-updates/#post-update-9beca839
 link copied
 4:25 PM / January 26, 2020
Taylor Swift will not attend 2020 Grammys
Two days before the Grammy Awards, Taylor Swift ended speculation she would perform at the show. Swift will not attend the ceremony, Entertainment Tonight reported, despite being nominated for three awards: best pop vocal album, song of the year and best pop solo performance.

By Jordan Freiman


Women's marches kick off across the country
Updated on: January 19, 2020 / 1:40 PM EST / CBS News

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/womens-march-2020-live-updates/
 link copied

Thousands of people gathered in cities across the country for the 2020 Women's March. The fourth iteration of the march was expected to have the lowest turnout since its inception in 2017.

The first Women's March took place the day after President Trump was sworn into office on January 21, 2017. The march attracted 1 million protesters in Washington D.C. alone. Similar demonstrations were held in cities around the world, from New York, Philadelphia, Chicago and Los Angeles to Paris, Berlin, London, Prague, Sydney and beyond.

Protesters in the 2017 marches held signs with messages such as "Women won't back down," and decried Mr. Trump's stance on such issues as abortion, health care, diversity and climate change. Some protesters wore pink, pointy-eared "pussyhats," while others chanted: "Welcome to your first day, we will never go away."

Women's March 2020 
Isabel Jabara poses for a photo as she marches in front of the LA City Hall during the Women's March on January 18, 2020 in Los Angeles, California.
Apu Gomes / Getty
In the year's since the first record-breaking protest, the Women's March organization has faced controversy and internal turmoil that have turned some away from their demonstrations.

Ahead of the 2019 march, Teresa Shook, one of the Women's March founders, accused some of the group's leaders of anti-Semitism. The accusation was leveled at two primary leaders: Linda Sarsour, who has criticized Israeli policy, and Tamika Mallory, who has maintained an association with Louis Farrakhan, leader of Nation of Islam, which the Southern Poverty Law Center considers a hate group.

The group at first refused to remove the controversial members from their board. But months later, it was announced that three of the leaders — including Sarsour and Mallory — would step down from the board to work on "other projects focused on advocacy within their respective organizations," reads the organization's press release.

Women's March 2020 
Jason Van Nest and Nancy Vitale carry their one-year-old son, Luca Van Nest, as they participate in the annual Women's March on January 18, 2020, in New York City.
Yana Paskova / Getty
 12:32 PM / January 18, 2020
Washington D.C. march
Despite rain and sleet, crowds arrived Saturday morning in the U.S. capital to march.

The march is being led by the Chilean protest group, Las Tesis, according to the Women's March website. When the march reaches the front of the White House, the group perform the protest anthem, Un Violador en tu Camino (A Rapist in Your Path). Blindfolded performers chant the song, with the chorus: "And it's not my fault, not where I was, not how I dressed."

After the anthem is done, the thousands of "women, femmes, and allies"  will head back to Freedom Plaza.

Thousands of @womensmarch marchers are making their way around the #WhiteHouse in #DC #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/s3N8lN672F

— Kolbie Satterfield (@KolbieReports) January 18, 2020
By Audrey McNamara


Local News
Burning Man 2020 Goes All-In On Virtual Reality With 'Multiverse'
sanfrancisco
August 30, 2020 / 4:30 PM PDT / CBS San Francisco

SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) -- This same time last year, tens of thousands of Americans were determining what they wanted to bring to an unforgiving desert and set on fire. It could have been a piece of paper, a memento, a sculpture, a wooden humanoid.

For a week or so at the end of summer, thousands would pack into their vans, campers and art cars to spend some of the hottest days of the year in the Nevada desert dancing, doing yoga, mingling, making art and, of course, burning the Man. This year, the community is taking to the virtual world -- or rather, eight of them.

Burning Man is another pillar of the artistic community in the Bay Area and beyond compromised by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. It began on Baker Beach in San Francisco on the night of the summer solstice in 1986. The first "Man" burned was only 8 feet tall and, according to Burning Man pioneers Larry Harvey and Jerry James, the first crowd totaled 35 people.

After growing interference from San Francisco law enforcement, the first Burn in the Black Rock Desert took place in 1990, where it continued until this year. The organization's website offers a comprehensive timeline of the gathering's origins from a spontaneous meetup at the beach to a "city" the physical size of San Francisco with its own airport and hospital and dozens upon dozens of eccentric art communities and camps.

Burning Man 2020: Multiverse

In 2019, nearly 80,000 people from more than 25 countries congregated in the midst of over 400 art installations and the pyrotechnic Man standing 61 feet tall. None of that can happen this year but there will still be plenty to see and plenty of ways to safely participate in emotional immolation in Burning Man Multiverse: A global quantum kaleidoscope of possibility.

Burning Man's creative initiatives director Kim Cook has a hard time describing Burning Man. She's not really a Burner, in fact her first experience there was her job interview on the Playa five years ago. But she'd known about it back in the '90s when she was running a theater company in San Francisco; she let local Burners work on their art pieces in the company warehouse when it got too hot outside in the summer.

"People encouraged me to come; a lot of people I knew were going and coming back and raving about it," Cook said. "One of the things people often say is, Burning Man is so personal: every experience will be unique to that individual. It's really best to describe it to the personal and the particular and not the general."

Although, there are some universals: artistic innovation, crazy outfits, camping blunders, "mutant vehicles," yoga, alkaline dust everywhere, and camps purporting themes like pizza, choir, BDSM, and even a "Kidsville."

Cook says that the Burning Man board started mobilizing for a virtual launch back in early April, mere weeks after quarantine measures were put in place. Fourteen thousand Burners responded to a survey supporting a virtual Burn and, so, the Multiverse was born.

There's something for everyone, and all levels of access to technology. One world, SparkleVerse, despite broadcasting from the United Kingdom, just requires a computer and internet connection. These interactive parties began in early quarantine and use a mix of Zoom rooms and animation to host DJ parties, "erotic experiences" and opportunities to meet fellow Burners. Another, The Infinite Playa, hosts a hyper-realistic Black Rock Desert you can view on your phone, down to the cracks in the earth beneath your avatar's feet.

Athena Demos is one of the minds facilitating BRCvr -- Black Rock City virtual reality. The concept is actually not new. She and her collaborators Doug Jacobson and Greg Edwards came up with a virtual landscape to archive the art and experiences of years past back in 2014. When they brought the idea to the higher-ups, Demos says that "they didn't really get it" because, at the time, it was primarily an archive. Enter the coronavirus.

A week before they announced a virtual burn for 2020, BRCvr was uploaded onto the AltspaceVR platform.

"I call it Nostalgia Burn," Demos says over Zoom from Mexico, where she is currently helping coordinate the launch, set for Aug. 30. Every day, there are more pixels to render and more avatars to accommodate and more art to fit into the virtual desert; it changes daily, and unlike the physical manifestations, this Black Rock City can curate decades worth of art and layer people's experiences. Avatars can move between camps and art installations through designated portals, and guests are organized into 50-odd member groups to socialize. Apparently, you can even fly.

"Right now it looks like Burning Man 2014, based on that experience. It incorporates art from all the years, all the way from 2002. It feels like I'm home," she says, smiling.

Demos would know. She's been a Burner since 1999 and she calls herself a "99er." She's been a recognized regional contact for Burners in Los Angeles for over a decade, coordinating artists, orienting newcomers, leading Burners Without Borders initiatives and more. She is in the midst of slowly stepping down from her role; she says she has 14 replacements lined up to share her workload.

You don't necessarily need a VR headset to experience BRCvr, but it does help. Guests create avatars to represent them in dust-free, virtual space. Avatars "arrive" at the gate and have free rein from there, to explore, congregate or just wander. The group has talked about hosting virtual tours for first-timers but no decisions on that yet. The universe's press release states it "magically embraces the spirit, culture, and principles of the real-world event in an interactive VR-first expression that cultivates conversation, connection, and community."

The other five universes are: Multiverse, a virtual-reality experience with a photorealistic Black Rock City filled with 2020 Honoraria art installments, sound stages and hundreds of theme camps; the Bridge Experience, an XR universe that brings together three worlds - a water world, a green world, and a desert world; BURN2, a community built on the "Second Life" computer game; Build-A-Burn, an interactive online art project that only requires a web browser and a webcam; and MysticVerse, a virtual building experience from Cyberius Rex and Simeone Scaramozzino of Camp Mystic.

Amid a worsening pandemic, Demos believes we need connection and catharsis more than ever.

"The need to burn is very high this year," she says. "It feels like this is the rapture. This burn allows us to remember and reflect." The universe also offers tool kits for users to build their own worlds and even their own Man to burn at home, safely.

The BRCvr is a free experience and Cook has said that Burning Man has refunded $20 million in ticket sales that they could not provide the typical experience for.

"This has been a labor of love. We all have expenses. Please go to our website and contribute what you can. We also have a donate button for the organization, 100 percent goes to Burning Man," says Demos and the promise of a Burning Man 2021.

Cook is confident about the impending virtual odyssey, despite financial uncertainty.

"Whether or not people have a desert experience, I think it's possible to have an experience of generosity and surprise and delight, so the spirit of Burning Man I hope will convey itself through this extravaganza," she says.

© Copyright 2020 CBS Broadcasting Inc. and Bay City News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed



Entertainment
What were the most popular Twitter trends this year?
By Chevaz Clarke

December 7, 2020 / 7:09 PM EST / CBS News

This past year has been a rollercoaster of a ride — from the coronavirus pandemic and social justice movements to an economic downturn and the election — 2020 has provided an endless array of topics for people to talk about online. Twitter has just released a roundup of how people kept themselves entertained and engaged with one another on the platform in 2020.

As most of us remained indoors during the pandemic, it won't come as a surprise that "quarantine" was mentioned 1.6 million times. And in a year where "going out" has become a euphemism for taking a brief walk, tweets featuring the word "home" were up 143% from 2019. While the coronavirus has dominated 2020, social justice movements have played a big part in shaping the country this year. 

Across the world, people used Twitter to advocate for what they believe in and the platform's year-end trends indicate just that. Usage of the hashtag #transrightsarehumanrights increased by 557% and the hashtag #Blacklivesmatter was the third most used in 2020.

In August, the nation came together to honor the tragic passing of Marvel's "Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman, who died at age 43 after a four-year battle with cancer. The tweet announcing his passing was the most liked, retweeted and quote tweeted in the U.S. in 2020.


For the fourth year in a row, Korean pop sensation BTS was the most tweeted-about musicians in the U.S. The seven-member boy band, who have over 31 million followers on Twitter, are continuing to build their roster of diehard fans who call themselves the A.R.M.Y., an acronym for Adorable Representative M.C. for Youth. Kanye West, who made an unsuccessful bid for the White House this year, came second in Twitter's music roundup, followed by superstar Beyoncé.

Twitter 
Twitter
BTS also snagged the title for the most tweeted-about celebrities. The late Kobe Bryant, who was killed alongside eight others in a helicopter crash at the beginning of the year, was the second most mentioned star. Lakers star LeBron James follows, with music moguls Kanye West and Beyoncé wrapping up the top five.

This year, Twitter also compiled a list of celebrities with the most follower growth. Popstar Ariana Grande, rapper Lil Baby and NBA icon LeBron James rounded out the top three.

Twitter 
Twitter
With many movie theaters closed across the country, people turned to streaming services and TV shows to fill that void of entertainment. Michael Jordan's "The Last Dance," which chronicled the lead-up to the NBA legend's final championship run with the Chicago Bulls in the 1990s, was the most tweeted-about TV show. Also capturing people's attention was "Tiger King" and "The Bachelor," which took second and third place, respectively.

Here's more of Twitter's 2020 roundup:

The most liked tweets in the U.S.
@ChadwickBoseman - the tweet announcing his death

@BarackObama - his tweet honoring Kobe Bryant

@andymilonakis - his joke about astronauts leaving earth

@KamalaHarris - her "We did it Joe!" video

@JoeBiden - his celebration after being elected president

@__reignsupreme_ - announcing they're cancer-free

@kobebryant - his tweet showing his respect for LeBron James

@Twitter - promising an edit button if everyone wears masks

@BarackObama - wishing Michelle Obama a happy birthday

@_melaneee - announcing they're cancer-free

The most tweeted-about TV shows.
"The Last Dance"

"Tiger King"

"The Bachelor"

"Saturday Night Live"

"The Daily Show with Trevor Noah"

"The Mandalorian"

"Grey's Anatomy"

"The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"

"Jeopardy"

"The Late Late Show with James Corden"

The most tweeted-about reality TV shows.
"The Bachelor"

"90 Day Fiancé"

"Live PD"

"RuPaul's Drag Race"

"The Masked Singer"

The most tweeted-about streaming shows.
"Tiger King" (Netflix)

"The Mandalorian" (Disney+)

"Stranger Things" (Netflix)

"The Umbrella Academy" (Netflix) 

"Black Mirror" (Netflix)



Politics
Takeaways from the Republican National Convention
By Melissa Quinn, Caroline Linton

August 28, 2020 / 7:06 AM EDT / CBS News


The Republican National Convention concluded Thursday night with a packed crowd at the White House and fireworks set against the Washington Monument, closing out a week marked by dire warnings about the future of the country if Joe Biden is elected in November and promises for what a second term with President Trump would hold.

The four-day event, which kicked off Monday, culminated with Mr. Trump's address accepting the GOP presidential nomination, an event that brought more than 1,500 of his supporters, former White House officials and Republican lawmakers to the South Lawn of the White House.

The convention underwent several changes as the coronavirus pandemic roiled the 2020 election, beginning with plans for a large-scale event in Charlotte, North Carolina, then an expansion to include Jacksonville, Florida, followed by a cancellation of major events in both cities as COVID cases spiked. In the end, official party business was carried out in Charlotte, where Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence were formally nominated Monday.

Speeches throughout the week, many of which were pre-recorded, sought to paint a dark picture of America's future should Biden defeat Mr. Trump in November, while casting the president as vital to protecting the principles the country was founded upon and the "American way of life."

Here are the biggest takeaways from the Republican National Convention.

Coronavirus in the rearview
The coronavirus pandemic that has crippled the U.S. economy and claimed the lives of more than 180,000 people in the U.S. was seldom mentioned across the convention's four nights of speeches, and was characterized in some instances as a challenge the nation has already been surmounted.

In remarks delivered Tuesday, Larry Kudlow, Mr. Trump's chief economic adviser, suggested the coronavirus has been defeated.

"It was awful," Kudlow said in remarks. "Health and economic impacts were tragic. Hardship and heartbreak were everywhere. But presidential leadership came swiftly and effectively with an extraordinary rescue for health and safety to successfully fight the COVID virus."

Republicans also sought to recast the president's handling of the coronavirus as a success, while Trump himself extolled his administration's response to the coronavirus pandemic, calling it the "largest national mobilization since World War II."

The Republican National Convention went through several iterations due to health concerns attributed to the pandemic and ultimately was scaled down. Most speeches were pre-recorded and delivered from the Mellon Auditorium in Washington, D.C., but Mr. Trump's address garnered the attendance of more than 1,500, who took seats close to one another on the South Lawn.

Not all attendees wore masks and not all were tested for the coronavirus, though the Trump campaign said it was complying with federal and local guidelines.

Convention events set against the backdrop of the White House
Sprinkled throughout the four-day convention were events during which Mr. Trump used the office of the presidency and the backdrop of the White House to further his political endeavors.

On Tuesday, the second night of the convention, the president hosted a naturalization ceremony at the White House, with acting Secretary of Homeland Security Chad Wolf administering the oath of allegiance to five new citizens.

That same night, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo delivered remarks in a pre-recorded address from Jerusalem, during which he praised Mr. Trump' foreign policy record. Pompeo is on a multi-day swing through the Middle East.

Both events raised questions of possible violations of the Hatch Act, which governs the political activity of executive branch employees.

Capping off the convention, Mr. Trump delivered his speech accepting the GOP presidential nomination. At the conclusion of his remarks, which stretched over an hour, a fireworks display that formed "Trump" and "2020" was launched around the Washington Monument, and an opera singer serenaded attendees from the White House balcony.

Trump family members prominently featured
Members of Mr. Trump's family addressed voters on each of the convention's four nights.

On Monday, Donald Trump Jr., Mr. Trump's oldest son, kicked off remarks for the Trump family and was joined on the schedule of speakers by his girlfriend, former Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle.

On Tuesday, Tiffany Trump, the president's youngest daughter, and Eric Trump, his son, made their pitch to voters for why their father should be elected to a second term. First lady Melania Trump closed out the second night of the convention with a speech from the Rose Garden.

On Wednesday, Lara Trump, Eric Trump's wife and the president's daughter-in-law, made her case to Americans for Mr. Trump's reelection.

On Thursday, Ivanka Trump, the older of the president's children and a senior adviser at the White House, introduced Mr. Trump before he delivered his speech accepting the GOP nomination. All of the president's children, including his youngest son, Barron, joined Mr. Trump and first lady Melania Trump on stage at the end of his address.

Casting a vote for Joe Biden as a vote for "the Squad" and Nancy Pelosi
A favorite line throughout the convention was the characterization of Biden as a "Trojan horse" for the progressive wing of the Democratic party. 

In his acceptance speech Thursday, the president called his Democratic rival a "Trojan horse for socialism."

"He takes his marching orders from liberal hypocrites who drive their cities into the ground while fleeing far from the scene of the wreckage," Mr. Trump said of Biden.

On Wednesday, Pence, too, called Biden "nothing more than a Trojan horse for the radical left."

Congressman Matt Gaetz laid the groundwork for the attack on the former vice president during his remarks on the first night of the convention and said casting a vote for Biden would effectively be handing power to Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a Democrat from New York. Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley echoed the line.

"Last time, Joe's boss was Obama," Haley said. "This time, it would be Pelosi, Sanders, and the Squad. Their vision for America is socialism. And we know that socialism has failed everywhere."

Passing references to protests in Kenosha, Wisconsin
Casting a shadow over the convention was the nightly protests that have taken place in Kenosha in response to the shooting of Jacob Blake, a 29-year-old Black man, by police.

Pence and Mr. Trump each referenced the Wisconsin city by name, but not in marking the shooting. Instead, they cited Kenosha as an example of the dangers of the Biden presidency, warning that looting, arson and violence would be rampant if he is elected.

"What we can never have in America and must never allow is mob rule," Mr. Trump said Thursday. "In the strongest possible terms, the Republican Party condemns the rioting, looting, arson and violence we have seen in Democrat-run cities like Kenosha, Minneapolis, Portland, Chicago and New York."

Only Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson mentioned Blake by name.

"Before I begin, I'd like to say that our hearts go out to the Blake family and the other families, who've been impacted by the tragic events in Kenosha," he said. "As Jacob's mother has urged the country, 'Let's use our hearts, our love, and our intelligence to work together, to show the rest of the world how humans are supposed to treat each other. America is great when we behave greatly.'"

Republicans push message of law and order
Against the backdrop of the ongoing unrest in Kenosha, Republicans tried to cast Mr. Trump as the only choice to avoid lawlessness. Hours before the third night of the convention started on Wednesday, Mr. Trump tweeted that he wanted to send in the National Guard to Kenosha. The Department of Justice confirmed federal agents would be sent in to quell protests. 

There were some speakers who emerged from the protests in St. Louis: Mark and Patricia McCloskey, the couple captured in a viral photograph pointing guns at Black Lives Matter protesters, and Ann Dorn, whose husband was killed outside a pawn shop on June 2 during a violent night in the city. The McCloskeys and Dorn praised Mr. Trump for his reaction to the protests. 

On Wednesday night, Pence said four more years of the Trump administration would bring "law and order on the streets of America for every American of every race and creed and color."

Ahead of Mr. Trump's speech on Thursday, New York's police union president Pat Lynch accused Democratic politicians of having "surrendered our streets and institutions." Citing the spate of recent crime in New York City, former Mayor Rudy Giuliani warned "don't let Democrats do to America what they have done to New York." 

Mr. Trump stressed that the GOP "in the strongest possible terms" condemns the looting, arson and violence that has occurred in Wisconsin and elsewhere, and issued a forceful denunciation of the violence in major U.S. cities, including Portland, where he deployed federal law enforcement this summer, Chicago and New York. 


"As long as I am president, I will defend the absolute right of every American citizen to live in security, dignity and peace," he said.

Mr. Trump attempted to portray a grim landscape of the country if Biden wins in November, claiming that if he loses reelection and Democrats win control of both chambers of Congress, "they will apply their disastrous policies to every city, town and suburb in America."


Sports
Dallas Wings, WNBA To Play Shortened 2020 Season In Florida During Coronavirus Pandemic
texas
June 15, 2020 / 2:56 PM CDT / CBS Texas


NEW YORK (CBSDFW.COM) – The Dallas Wings will be hitting the court soon, but not at their home in Arlington.

The WNBA announced plans Monday to to play a shortened 2020 season in Florida starting in July.

The league is finalizing a partnership that would make IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, the Official Home of the 2020 WNBA season highlighted by a competitive schedule of 22 regular-season games followed by a traditional playoff format.

Usually there are 34 games in a regular season.

IMG Academy will be the home for each of the league's 12 teams and serve as a single site for training camp, games and housing.

"We are finalizing a season start plan to build on the tremendous momentum generated in the league during the offseason and have used the guiding principles of health and safety of players and essential staff to establish necessary and extensive protocols," said WNBA Commissioner Cathy Engelbert. "We will continue to consult with medical experts and public health officials as well as players, team owners and other stakeholders as we move forward with our execution plan. And, despite the disruption caused by the global pandemic to our 2020 season, the WNBA and its Board of Governors believe strongly in supporting and valuing the elite women athletes who play in the WNBA and therefore, players will receive their full pay and benefits during the 2020 season."

"As home to some of the world's leading athletes, coaches and performance experts, IMG Academy is thrilled to partner with the top basketball players in the world and the entire WNBA family," said Tim Pernetti, Executive Vice President, IMG Events & Media. "We are truly looking forward to becoming the Official Home of the 2020 WNBA Season and working closely with the league in providing our best-in-class training and competition environment."

The WNBA said it will build also on "its commitment to social justice and will support players in launching a bold social justice platform as a call to action to drive impactful, measurable and meaningful change."

The WNBA 2020 season will include a devoted platform led by the players that will aim to support and strengthen both the league and teams' reach and impact on social justice matters. As recently announced, this began with the WNBA making donations from sales of its "Bigger Than Ball" women's empowerment merchandise to the Equal Justice Initiative.

"The WNBA opposes racism in all its forms, and George Floyd and Breonna Taylor are the latest names in a list of countless others who have been subject to police brutality that stems from the systemic oppression of Black Lives in America, and it is our collective responsibility to use our platforms to enact change," said Engelbert.


Local News
A Look Back At The Unprecedented 2020 Hurricane Season
miami
May 30, 2021 / 11:36 AM EDT / CBS Miami


MIAMI (CBSMiami) -- The 2020 hurricane season earned the title of the most active year for hurricanes on record.

The forecast called for an extremely active hurricane season which began with the first named storm before the official start of the season. By the middle of the season, it looked like those forecasts would be correct and by the end, it turned out to be one for the record books.

For the second time in history the standard 21 storm names would not be enough, and for the first time in history we had thirty named storms finishing the season with Category 5 Hurricane Iota.

Storm tracks covered most of the Atlantic, and the Caribbean, with a large number of storms making landfall along the Gulf Coast.

The first major hurricane of the season was Laura which became a Category 3 storm on August 26. It would continue to strengthen before making landfall along the Louisiana Coast on August 27. It was one of eight named storms to impact the Gulf Coast from Tropical Storm Beta causing flooding in Texas to the Florida Panhandle where Hurricane Sally caused this damage around Pensacola.

Hurricane Delta, although not as strong, made landfall in nearly the same location as Laura delaying the recovery or even reversing it. Blowing out makeshift windows and plywood put in place after Laura.

This was not the only location that had to deal with multiple storms this season. In Nicaragua, major Hurricane Eta made landfall on November 3. It caused catastrophic damage and flooding there and in Honduras. It was less than 2 weeks later that Hurricane Iota made landfall just 15 miles south of where Eta did. Iota was a category 5 storm just off the coast with wind speeds of 160 mph but, like Eta, was a Category 4 storm at landfall. Catastrophic flooding pushed inland with the storm spreading from Nicaragua into Guatemala.

One of the few places relatively spared from this record hurricane season was South Florida.

Isaias was the closest hurricane staying just off the coast. Laura, however, was one storm we watched closely. Conditions were favorable to bring Laura, a strengthening tropical storm near Puerto Rico, towards South Florida before it redeveloped to the south of the island. The storm then continued to jog even farther south which meant a big change for our forecast. There was land disruption with Hispaniola and eventually Cuba which weakened Laura as it tracked over 100 miles to our south. If the storm had stayed with the northern track, it could have resulted in a significant hurricane for South Florida.

It wasn't until Early November that the 2020 hurricane season would bring the biggest impacts to South Florida. After curving back over the Caribbean, Eta crossed over Cuba and then turned northwest making landfall in the Middle Keys on Sunday Night November 8. Even though it was a Tropical Storm most of South Florida woke up to widespread flooding Monday morning. Areas in Broward County received over a foot of rain leading to flooding for days.

Of the 30 named storms for the record-breaking season, it was one tropical storm that had the biggest impacts here in South Florida.


CBS Evening News
Elizabeth Warren could face crowded Democratic field in 2020 race
evening-news
By Ed O'Keefe

December 31, 2018 / 6:33 PM EST / CBS News


Elizabeth Warren chose the final day of 2018 to announce her interest in running for president in 2020. She's among the first to enter what's expected to be a crowded race.

A new exploratory committee allows her to start raising money, hire staff and travel to early primary states. It also makes her the first U.S. senator and first woman to take official steps toward a 2020 campaign that could eventually include nearly two dozen contenders. At least seven other senators, current and former mayors, governors, cabinet secretaries and former vice president Joe Biden are considering bids.

The 69-year-old just won her second Senate term in November. She represents Massachusetts, but was born and raised in Oklahoma. Warren taught at law schools in New Jersey, Texas and Pennsylvania before ending up at Harvard University.

With a background in bankruptcy and commercial law, she pushed for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in response to the 2008 economic collapse. In the Senate, she's been a fierce critic of top corporate executives.

In September, Warren revealed a DNA test had found she has Native American ancestors. But the Cherokee Nation tribe denounced her move as "inappropriate and wrong." On Monday, she defended her decision.

"I have put it all out there," she said.

Warren took the test partly in response to attacks by President Trump, who often mocks her.

With 673 days to go until Election Day, other contenders are spending the final hours of 2018 talking it over with their families and interviewing potential staffers. More announcements are expected shortly after the new year.


Entertainment
The best movies of 2020, ranked
By Lily Rose

September 1, 2020 / 6:00 PM EDT / CBS News

hamilton-3soyyq.jpg 
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures
Despite movie theaters shutting down due to the coronavirus pandemic, there were film releases this year. There have even been good movies; maybe you remember watching "Les Misérables" in a movie theater with a bucket of popcorn, or you've streamed "Hamilton" on Disney+ from the comfort of your couch at home.

2020 has been huge for movies from streaming sites. Critics raved about Andy Samberg and Cristin Milioti in Hulu's "Palm Springs." Spike Lee's Netflix movie "Da 5 Bloods," starring the late Chadwick Boseman, was hailed by one critics as "one of the greatest Spike Lee films ever made." 

It's also been a major year for international films, with several Asian-language movies in the mix, including "House of Hummingbird," "Yourself and Yours," "We Are Little Zombies" and more. 

These movies were rated the highest among all of the films released in 2020, according to the movie review aggregator Metacritic. We've narrowed the list to focus on films with at least 10 critic reviews, to arrive at the best of the year.


(TIE) 49. "The Truth" (Metascore: 75)
the-truth-4tvbf8.jpg 
IFC Films
Catherine Deneuve, Juliette Binoche and Ethan Hawke star in this Hirokazu Kore-eda-directed family drama that exposes a complicated relationship between an A-list movie legend and her daughter.

"Using compassion and the slightest touch of syrup, Kore-eda brings his characters to a place where they realize with shock that they're finally on the same page," said Boston Globe critic Ty Burr.

(TIE) 49. "Yourself and Yours" (Metascore: 75)
yourself-and-yours.png 
Film at Lincoln Center
The Sang-soo Hong-directed comedy, starring Kim Joo-hyuk and Lee Yoo-young, "makes a case that perhaps it's better not to know everything about the person you love," said Wendy Ide from Screen Daily.

The movie can be streamed via Film at Lincoln Center.

(TIE) 41. "Howard" (Metsascore: 76)
howard-42iiny.jpg 
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures
While you might not know who Howard Ashman is (yet), you know his music. Ashman wrote lyrics for "Little Shop of Horrors," "The Little Mermaid," "Aladdin" and "Beauty and the Beast."

Tragically, the lyricist died during the height of the AIDS crisis. This Disney+ documentary was called a "fitting celebration" of his life and career by CNN.

(TIE) 41. "Red Penguins" (Metascore: 76)
red-penguins.png 
Universal Pictures
Murder AND hockey? Yep.

You don't want to miss this Gabe Polsky documentary, which takes you into a world of Russian hockey, Russian politics and American marketing schemes.

Roger Moore of Movie Nation said the sports doc "takes us on quite the sleigh ride, from the sunny silliness of gambling on Russian hockey, and then marketing it, to the grim reality that sets in — threats, intimidation and even murders."

(TIE) 41. "The Wild Goose Lake" (Metascore: 76)
screen-shot-2020-09-01-at-9-11-10-am.png 
Green Ray Films
If you love gangster stories, and love stories, check this out.

"The film's masterstroke is that its fugitive antiheroes are framed by an environment that reflects their criminal lives back at them," Slant critic Sam C. Mac said about this Chinese flick set in Wuhan province. 


(TIE) 41. "Mucho Mucho Amor" (Metascore: 76)
1 
Netflix
You'll learn all about the life and career of famously private and world-renowned Puerto Rican astrologer Walter Mercado in Cristina Costantini and Kareem Tabsch's Netflix documentary. 

The Wrap calls the doc, which features a touching moment with life-long fan Lin-Manuel Miranda, "A tribute as inspired and jubilant as its majestic subject, a true original, who 'used to be a star and now is a constellation.'"


(TIE) 41. "The Whistlers" (Metascore: 76)
the-whistlers-7s8bxy.jpg 
Komplizen Film
Crime comedy fans, this one's for you.

"'The Whistlers' is an oversized, deliciously twisted ride that runs on an endless supply of black humor and a sizable body count. You won't laugh much while you're watching it, but it's a hoot nonetheless," The Wrap's Steve Pond writes.


(TIE) 41. "We Are Little Zombies" (Metascore: 76)
we-are-little-monsters.png 
Nikkatsu
The Makoto Nagahisa film, about a group of orphans who start a band, was called "gleefully its own thing," by The New York Times. 


(TIE) 41. "Relic" (Metascore: 76)
relic-qmvqmd.jpg 
Screen Australia Film
Yes, there are horror films on this list, too.

Emily Mortimer and Bella Heathcote play a mother and daughter dealing with a family member's dementia, and a potentially supernatural force, in this horror drama.

"Relic marks an auspicious debut for Japanese-Australian director Natalie Erika James, who wants her slow-building thriller to seep into your bones rather than pound you with cheap scares," said Rolling Stone critic Peter Travers.


(TIE) 41. "Shirley" (Metascore: 76)
shirley-lfuu7m.jpg 
Neon
Elisabeth Moss portrays horror writer Shirley Jackson in this Josephine Decker-directed biographical drama. 

"There are few more daring actors around right now than Moss, and 'Shirley' may be her best performance yet. She's brutally cutting but the pain of every slight ripples across her face," writes AP reviewer Jake Coyle, of her performance.


(TIE) 37. "Babyteeth" (Metascore: 77)
babyteeth-efsdvb.jpg 
Universal Pictures
The Australian indie, written by Rita Kalnejais, is based on her 2012 play of the same name. The film follows Milla, a terminally ill high schooler who falls in love with a small-time drug dealer.

The Washington Post called it "emotionally sprawling, untidy yet big-hearted, and brimming with genuine, if at times sloppy, feeling ... It is a lovely, eccentric little film."


(TIE) 37. "The Personal History of David Copperfield" (Metascore: 77)
the-personal-history-of-david-copperfield-xinfq2.jpg 
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures
The re-imagined Charles Dickens film adaptation starring Dev Patel, Tilda Swinton, Hugh Laurie and Peter Capaldi, "comes across as a bright and jaunty corrective to the dour and stuffy Dickens adaptations that have come before," said Variety critic Peter Debruge.

(TIE) 37. "Corpus Christi" (Metascore: 77)
corpus-christi-aloupa.jpg 
Kino Świat
Who doesn't love an imposter movie?

"A quite interesting and irresistible movie, a sort of cross between Paul Schrader's recent film of spiritual crisis, 'First Reformed,' and Steven Spielberg's 'Catch Me If You Can.' An impostor as anguished priest," writes San Francisco Chronicle's G. Allen Johnson of the Jan Komasa drama. 

(TIE) 37. "A Secret Love" (Metascore: 77)
a-secret-love.jpg 
Netflix
Fans of "A League Of Their Own" may take particular interest in this documentary, which tells the story of Terry Donahue and Pat Henschel.

Donahue played in the women's professional baseball league that inspired the film. This documentary details the couple's lengthy love story, from its baseball beginnings all the way forward to a little old house in the Chicago suburbs.

(TIE) 35. "Les Misérables" (Metascore: 78)
les-miserables-hoqd84.jpg 
Amazon Studios
"There is a strong emotional connection to Victor Hugo's giant novel," writes New York Post critic Johnny Oleksinski about the French film of the same name.

"This version remains a tale of downtrodden Parisians and dogged policemen who hound them. Only now we get 21st-century twists: teens with drone cameras, members of the Muslim Brotherhood and a Romani circus," adds Oleksinski.

(TIE) 35. "The Painter and the Thief" (Metascore: 78)
the-painter-and-the-thief.png 
Neon
Now this is a story.

In this documentary, Czech artist Barbora Kysilkova asks Karl-Bertil Nordland, who previously stole two of her paintings from an Oslo museum, to sit for her so she may paint him. The film won a creative storytelling award at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival.

(TIE) 30. "A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon" (Metascore: 79)
shaun-the-sheep-movie-farmageddon-91crdb.jpg 
Aardman Animations
Looking for something that you can watch with kids, but will also keep you entertained?

This Netflix animated feature was called "an absolute joy" by The Guardian as well as "relentlessly endearing and funny" by The Telegraph.

(TIE) 30. "The Assistant" (Metascore: 79)
the-assistant-kj7pwm.jpg 
Bleecker Street
Kitty Green's drama — about the daily life of an entertainment assistant who becomes increasingly aware of her daily abuse — was called, "one of the best, most gripping, and smartest films of 2020," by Vox. 

(TIE) 30. "La Llorona" (Metascore: 79)
la-llorona.png 
Shudder
Not to be confused with the film "The Curse of La Llorona" (2019), this Jayro Bustamante thriller — named for the Latin American legend — focuses on a retired general who is on trail for genocide, and his family, which becomes targets of the supernatural.

"The most unsettling aspect of 'La Llorona' is that history doesn't simply shape the movie. It also haunts and finally overwhelms it with terrors far more unspeakable than any impressively manufactured shock, said New York Times critic Manohla Dargis.

(TIE) 30. "Fourteen" (Metascore: 79)
fourteen.png 
Static Productions
This story about a lifelong friendship was called "rich with scenes of affection and reconciliation" by Patrick Gamble of Cinevue.

The Playlist critic Asher Luberto describes the Dan Sallitt drama as leaving its audience with "important insights on time, mental illness and relationships."

(TIE) 30. "Bad Education" (Metascore: 79)
bad-education-busfin.jpg 
HBO
Hugh Jackman, Allison Janney and Geraldine Viswanathan star in this semi-biographical HBO film about a school superintendent and his assistant, who embezzle school funds and are foiled in their attempts to cover it up by a student reporter.

(TIE) 24. "A White, White Day" (Metascore: 80)
a-white-white-day-llmu1b.jpg 
Film i Väst
"The film's true power is elemental, rooted in weather conditions that all but erase the distinction between land and sky, and in the inky darkness of a tunnel traversed by one haggard, trudging figure whose weary body intermittently blocks a sliver of light barely visible at its far end," describes AV Club reviewer Mike D'Angelo about the Icelandic drama. 

(TIE) 24. "Disclosure" (Metascore: 80)
disclosure-trans-lives-on-screen-cjdl6s.jpg 
Netflix
The Sam Feder-directed Netflix documentary dives deep into Hollywood's depiction of what it means to be transgender, as told through movies and TV. Laverne Cox, Lilly Wachowski, Yance Ford, MJ Rodriguez, Jamie Clayton and Chaz Bono are featured.

(TIE) 24. "Coup 53" (Metascore: 80)
screen-shot-2020-08-29-at-1-36-53-pm.png 
Amirani Media
This political documentary centers around the 1953 reinstallation of the controversial shah of Iran.

"As enlightening as 'Coup 53' is as a secret history, it's even more satisfying as an aesthetic exercise, treating viewers to one of cleverest workarounds in cinematic problem-solving in recent memory," writes The Washington Post's Ann Hornaday.

(TIE) 24. "Desert One" (Metascore: 80)
desert-one.png 
Greenwich Entertainment
This is one tense story.

"You feel a hurricane of emotions watching Barbara Kopple's brilliant and searing documentary 'Desert One,'" writes esteemed film critic Richard Roeper about the war documentary centered on the mission to free hostages captured during the 1979 Iranian revolution.

(TIE) 24. "Kajillionaire" (Metascore: 80)
kajillionaire-4b8rmb.jpg 
Plan B Entertainment
Debra Winger, Richard Jenkins and Evan Rachel Wood play a family of con artists who enlist the help of a stranger, played by Gina Rodriguez, for their next heist. The Hollywood Reporter's John DeForce called the Miranda July film, "A prickly little gem by a singular artist."

(TIE) 24. "She Dies Tomorrow" (Metascore: 80)
she-dies-tomorrow-yi9dk2.jpg 
Neon
Kate Lyn Sheil stars as Amy, a woman who thinks she is going to die tomorrow. However, her fear becomes, literally, contagious.

"It's intensely disturbing and hilarious in equal measure, as if somebody decided to let David Lynch remake 'Contagion,' writes Vulture critic Bilge Ebiri about this scary movie.

(TIE) 22. "The Go-Go's" (Metascore: 81)
the-go-gos.png 
Showtime Networks
A pioneering pop group finally gets its due.

"The doc's goal: Don't think of the Go-Go's as a bit of Reagan-era nostalgia, the musical equivalent of a Rubik's cube. Think of them as a first-tier, kick-ass rock group, period, full stop, the end. Mission accomplished," writes Rolling Stone critic David Fear. 

(TIE) 22. "Premature" (Metascore: 81)
premature.png 
FilmNation Entertainment
The coming-of-age love story stars Zora Howard as 17-year-old poet Ayanna, who falls for an older music producer. The romance throws college-bound Ayanna into the world of adult relationships.

(TIE) 17. "Bacurau" (Metascore: 82)
bacurau-ltcws1.jpg 
SBS International
This  sci-fi film was called "part siege movie, part rural drama, part gore-soaked freak-out," by The Globe and Mail critic Barry Hertz. The film is for rent or purchase on Amazon Prime Video.

(TIE) 17. "Sorry We Missed You" (Metascore: 82)
sorry-we-missed-you.png 
Canal+
This drama might make you angry.

"Well-researched and highly detailed in how it lays bare the empty promises of the gig economy and the ruthless techno-feudalism of e-commerce, 'Sorry We Missed You' is a movie that will infuriate you," write's Vulture critic Bilge Ebiri. "But what makes it one of Loach's best isn't just its rage (which is plentiful) but its compassion (which is overwhelming)."

(TIE) 17. "Da 5 Bloods" (Metascore: 82)
da-5-bloods-w0wqhn.jpg 
Netflix
The Spike Lee-directed Netflix drama follows old military buddies returning to Vietnam to bring home the remains of a fallen friend. The film features an all-star cast: Delroy Lindo, Clarke Peters, Norm Lewis, Isiah Whitlock Jr. and the late Chadwick Boseman. Vulture called the piece, "one of the greatest films Spike Lee has ever made."  

(TIE) 17. "Bloody Nose, Empty Pockets" (Metascore: 82)
bloody-nose-empty-pockets.png 
Piece of Magic Entertainment
The Ross Brothers' documentary about the last days of ailing Las Vegas dive bar The Roaring Twenties, was called "as real as it gets ... It's a masterpiece," by The Austin Chronicle critic Marc Savlov. 

(TIE) 17. "House of Hummingbird" (Metascore: 82)
house-of-humming-bird.png 
Epiphany Film Mass Ornament Films
Bora Kim's debut film won the 2019 Tribeca Film Festival award for best international narrative feature.

According to RogerEbert.com critic Peter Sobczynski, the movie "deserves a place alongside the likes of 'The Virgin Suicides,' 'The Ocean of Helena Lee' and 'Eighth Grade' as one of the most knowing and intelligent cinematic takes on the pains and occasional pleasures of female adolescence of recent years."

(TIE) 14. "Driveways" (Metascore: 83)
driveways.png 
Maven Screen Media
In this tearjerker, Golden Globe nominee Hong Chau plays a single mother traveling with her son to clean up and sell what remains of her newly-deceased sister's life.

"It's dumb to measure the worth of anything by its ability to make you cry, but by the end of 'Driveways,' the feelings of the characters spill over into your own experience of watching a small, very quiet, very powerful 83-minute short story of a movie," writes Chicago Tribune critic Michael Phillips.

(TIE) 14. "Palm Springs" (Metascore: 83)
palm-springs-efdcny.jpg 
Hulu
Andy Samberg and Cristin Milioti star in this "Groundhog Day"-esque rom-com, set inside a never-ending wedding in Palm Springs.

"Samberg is predictably charming and funny here. But it's Milioti, who may be best known at this point as 'The Mother' from 'How I Met Your Mother,' or 'that girl who was in that one 'Black Mirror' episode,' who is the big revelation, finally getting the spotlight which has been a long time coming," writes AP critic Lindsey Bahr. 

(TIE) 14. "Saint Frances" (Metascore: 83)
saint-frances-qbxvca.jpg 
Oscilloscope Laboratories
The Kelly O'Sullivan-led coming of age comedy is for rent and purchase on Amazon Prime, and is being compared to an Amy Schumer hit.

"This exceptionally frank, refreshingly nonjudgmental indie was written by O'Sullivan, a 'girl next door' type whose no-nonsense approach to issues facing both her gender and her generation leaves ample room for laughter — à la Amy Schumer's 'Trainwreck,' writes Variety's Peter Debruge. 

(TIE) 9. "Black is King" (Metascore: 84)
black-is-king-3m6svy.jpg 
Walt Disney Pictures
"Beyoncé's new film takes you on a journey of Black art, music, history and fashion as the superstar transports you to Africa to tell the story of a young man in search of his crown, matched to epic songs she created while inspired by 'The Lion King,'" writes the AP's Mesfin Fekadu, who also called the film "supreme Black art."

(TIE) 9. "The Vast of Night" (Metascore: 84)
the-vast-of-night.png 
Amazon Studios
Here it is: The rare sci-fi movie on a best-of list.

"To watch it is to get excited about the billions of different ways you can combine sound and moving images to tell a story," said Slate's Matthew Dessem, about this film, set in 1950s New Mexico. 

(TIE) 9. "On the Record" (Metascore: 84)
on-the-record.png 
Jane Doe Films
Music executive Drew Dixon leads this documentary, which profiles Black women who have accused record executive Russell Simmons of sexual assault.

"It does what so little of the dialogue has managed to do: implore audiences to embrace Black female survivors and to understand the cultural and painful dilemmas they continue to endure along their avid fight to heal the wounds of the entire Black race," writes The Wrap's Candice Frederick. 

(TIE) 9. "Beanpole" (Metascore: 84)
beanpole-ttnijk.jpg 
Non-Stop Production
"The brilliance of 'Beanpole' is that it begins as the story of a collective horror, then becomes utterly, fascinatingly specific," writes LA Times' critic Justin Chang, of the Kantemir Balagov-directed drama. This film is for rent and purchase on Amazon, YouTube and iTunes.

(TIE) 9. "Boys State" (Metascore: 84)
boys-state.png 
Concordia Studio Mile End Films
This documentary follows the annual week-long Texas high school seniors program, where students build their own mock state government. 

Why you need to watch this: "The point is that these are the sort of kids who, should their dreams come true, will be running the show in the future," writes the New Yorker's Anthony Lane. 

8. "Athlete A" (Metascore: 85)
1 
Melissa J. Perenson / Netflix
This documentary is a deep dive into the 2016 USA Gymnastics scandal.

"'Athlete A' gives us the story behind the story. It's a terrific journalism movie, but it's also a story of young women who persevered and found justice against the odds," writes San Francisco Chronicle's G. Allen Johnson about the Netflix crime documentary.

(TIE) 5. "Crip Camp: A Disability Revolution" (Metascore: 86)
crip-camp-kex0hd.jpg 
Netflix
An upstate New York summer camp for the disabled is the star of this documentary, which was was called "funny and heartwarming, but more than anything, eye opening," by CNN's Brian Lowry. 

"'Crip Camp' offers a portrait of the progress made over the last 50 years and the dogged persistence that achieved it, told by the people — now mostly senior citizens — who simply refused to settle for second-class-citizen status."

Former President Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama are credited as executive producers.

(TIE) 5. "Vitalina Varela" (Metascore: 86)
vitalina-varela-lbploz.jpg 
Grasshopper Film
The Pedro Costa drama, which follows a widow who uncovers truths about her husband, was called "hypnotic" and an "emotional investment with rich returns" by the Wall Street Journal's Joe Morgenstern. While you won't find it on Netflix, Amazon or Hulu, the film is streamable from various independent theaters' virtual screening rooms. 

(TIE) 5. "Welcome to Chechnya" (Metascore: 86)
welcome-to-chechnya.png 
HBO
This documentary uncovers the horrific acts against LGBTQ+ people in the Russian republic, and follows a group of activists risking everything to help the community escape.

4. "Rewind" (Metascore: 87)
rewind.png 
PBS
Sasha Joseph Neulinger uses home-video footage to piece together the history of his childhood abuse, and how his abusers were (or weren't) brought to justice.

"The film sets up a mystery to be solved, and the fact that it doesn't state the answer outright is part of the dramatic texture. We can't help but imagine the worst. Yet what would the worst be?" writes Variety's Owen Gleiberman.

3. "First Cow" (Metascore: 89)
first-cow-hbtiuq.jpg 
A24
"A picture that's both tranquil and dazzling, two qualities that should be at odds with one another yet somehow bloom," writes Time's Stephanie Zacharek of the drama about a fur trapper and a Chinese immigrant. 


2. "Hamilton" (Metascore: 90)
hamilton-3soyyq.jpg 
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures
Didn't score "Hamilton" tickets? Don't worry, you won't miss out. 

"Hamilton" fans and first-timers only gain from streaming the Lin-Manuel Miranda stage musical on Disney+, according to reviewers. Mark Kennedy of The Associated Press writes, "[The] camera captures actors' intimate faces during key moments in a way impossible for theater-goers and incorporates audience reaction to create an electric filmed version."


1. "Never Rarely Sometimes Always" (Metascore: 91)
never-rarely-sometimes-always-4smn18.jpg 
Focus Features
The Eliza Hittman-directed drama stars Sidney Flanigan and Talia Ryder as cousins venturing to New York City from their small town after an unplanned pregnancy.

The film "handles a tricky topic with so much persuasively unadorned compassion that it has the genuine potential to change hearts and minds about one of the country's most contentious battles," writes Vanity Fair's Richard Lawson. 


Lily Rose
Lily Rose is a senior writer for CBS Essentials and the site's expert in home appliances such as washers, dryers, refrigerators and ranges. When she's not writing about how you can upgrade your laundry room, she's writing about home and kitchen essentials that will transform your space. Her favorite appliance is her air fryer. She firmly believes that it can make the crispiest sweet potato fries.



U.S.
U.S. reported more COVID-19 cases in November than most countries had all year
By Jason Silverstein

November 30, 2020 / 3:26 PM EST / CBS News


The United States reported more than 4 million coronavirus cases in November, which is higher than the total number of cases seen all year by any country in the world except India and Brazil. Public health experts are warning that the U.S. will keep seeing record-breaking numbers in the final month of 2020.

Since the pandemic began, the U.S. has seen more than 13.3 million confirmed cases and over 267,000 deaths, by far the highest numbers in the world, according to data from Johns Hopkins University. The U.S. accounts for nearly 20% of the global death toll.

India has recorded 9.4 million cases and Brazil has 6.3 million, according to Johns Hopkins data. Other nations with the highest case counts — including Russia, France, Spain and the United Kingdom — have between 1.6 million and 2.3 million. There have been a total of 62.8 million confirmed cases and 1.4 million deaths worldwide. 

The U.S. in November set several grim new records in the pandemic. It surpassed 100,000 daily cases for the first time on November 4, and then more than 200,000 daily cases for the first time on November 28. The nation also passed 90,000 coronavirus hospitalizations for the first time. Hospitals in many communities are at or near capacity and have raised alarms about being overwhelmed as demand continues to grow.

November 24 was the deadliest day of the pandemic since May, with more than 2,100 coronavirus deaths nationwide. About half of the 50 states reported their highest daily toll for the virus, as many states reintroduced restrictions or added new ones to try to contain the spread. 

The month also brought encouraging news about vaccines, with three candidates reported to be more than 90% effective, and the first U.S. vaccinations expected to begin in December once the FDA grants emergency authorization. Health care workers would be among the first to get vaccinated. 

Moncef Slaoui, leader of the U.S. government's Operation Warp Speed vaccine effort, said there could be enough doses for 25 to 30 million Americans a month in 2021.


But the U.S. is poised to see even worse days in the pandemic before a vaccine is widely available. The CDC said the U.S. death toll could hit 321,000 by the middle of December.

Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's leading infectious disease expert, warned that more spikes will come after millions of people traveled for Thanksgiving — something public health officials advised Americans to avoid.

"We may see a surge upon a surge," Fauci told ABC News' "This Week" on Sunday. "We don't want to frighten people, but that's just the reality."


Politics
Stacey Abrams says 2020 presidential bid is "definitely on the table"
By Peter Martinez, Stefan Becket

March 11, 2019 / 6:46 PM EDT / CBS News


Stacey Abrams, the Democratic candidate who narrowly lost her race for Georgia governor in 2018, said she isn't ruling out a run for president in 2020.

Speaking at the South by Southwest (SXSW) festival Monday, Abrams said she had previously considered 2028 to be the earliest she would run for president, but later tweeted she's now considering a 2020 run.

"[Twenty] years ago, I never thought I'd be ready to run for POTUS before 2028," she wrote. "But life comes at you fast ... Now 2020 is definitely on the table."

In #LeadFromTheOutside, I explore how to be intentional about plans, but flexible enough to adapt. 20 years ago, I never thought I’d be ready to run for POTUS before 2028. But life comes at you fast - as I shared in Q&A w @Yamiche at @sxsw. Now 2020 is definitely on the table...

— Stacey Abrams (@staceyabrams) March 11, 2019
Her former campaign manager Lauren Groh-Wargo also tweeted Abrams' comment about not running before 2028 was a reference to a "years-old spreadsheet" Abrams uses to keep track of her career goals. 

"She is taking a look at all options on the table in 2020 and beyond," Groh-Wargo wrote.

Stacey Abrams 
Stacey Abrams seen Nov. 6, 2018.
Getty
A rising star in Democratic politics, Abrams has been courted by Democratic activists to run for Senate or make another bid for governor since being narrowly defeated by Republican Brian Kemp in the November midterm elections. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer recently told The Associated Press he was encouraging her to challenge Georgia's incumbent senator in 2020.

"There's no one who knows how to fight for voting rights better than Stacey Abrams," Schumer said. "If she got to the Senate, she'd have a huge platform to do it, not just in Georgia, but nationally." 

If she chose to run, she would be joining the most diverse field of Democratic presidential hopefuls in history. She would be the third African-American candidate, joining Sens. Kamala Harris and Cory Booker. She would also be the fifth woman to jump in the race: Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand and Rep. Tulsi Gabbard and Harris have all thrown their hats in the ring. 

Abrams was tapped to deliver the Democratic rebuttal to President Trump's State of the Union address in February, using the national spotlight to highlight her working-class roots and commitment to protecting voting rights.




Face The Nation
Transcript: Gary Cohn on "Face the Nation," January 19, 2020
face-the-nation
January 19, 2020 / 7:47 AM EST / CBS News


The following is a transcript of an interview with Gary Cohn, the former director of the National Economic Council, that aired Sunday, January 19, 2020, on "Face the Nation."

FACE THE NATION MODERATOR MARGARET BRENNAN: We're back with Gary Cohn. He is the former director of the National Economic Council under President Trump. He's back in the private sector these days. Thank you for being here.

FORMER NATIONAL ECONOMIC COUNCIL DIRECTOR GARY COHN: Thank you for having me.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So the economy is going to be front and center in this election. Many economists say we're overdue for a recession. Do you think we're on the brink of one?

COHN: Margaret, first of all, it's great to be here. I know a lot of people have been talking about a recession. I do not see a recession on the horizon here. The U.S. economy is strong and continues to be very strong. The U.S. consumer is very strong. If you look at what's happened in the last couple of years with tax reform, we have put more disposable income in the hands of the U.S. consumer, and the U.S. consumer is out spending it.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So then why is the president and his-- the man currently in the job you once held, Larry Kudlow, continuing to criticize the Fed chairman?

COHN: I'm not worried about interest rates right now. I think our interest rate policy is in a good place, I think the consumer is in a good place, and I think the U.S. economy is in a good place. We actually have interest rates at a level right now where activity is growing. I think that, you know, fourth quarter GDP will come in around two, 2.5 percent--

MARGARET BRENNAN: So you--

COHN: --probably 2.5 percent.

MARGARET BRENNAN: --you differ from the president on that quibble about interest rates currently?

COHN: I don't think I differ from the president on the economy being strong.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Right.

COHN: I think we agree completely about the economy being strong.

MARGARET BRENNAN: But on interest rates--

COHN: Yeah, I agree that I- I think the Fed is in a good place on interest rate policy.

MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to ask you about trade. This week, the United States and China, the two largest economies in the world, signed this phase one trade deal. There's like 200 billion in promised purchases, but there are still like 300 billion dollars' worth of goods under tariff. So what does this actually accomplish? What- what do you see it?

COHN: So, first of all, anytime the United States and China get together and sign an agreement, I think we should applaud that. I mean, the mere fact that we got a 90-plus page agreement signed between- between the two countries is very good relative to where we were months ago when everyone thought we were going to continue to feud with China. So we've got some trade agreement in place. The Chinese are going to buy some more goods from the United States, which has to be a good thing. But there's also, in that agreement, there are some provisions that free up trademarks and trade patents and trade secrets, which is very, very good. No, this didn't--

MARGARET BRENNAN: I thought this was about intellectual property--

COHN: This didn't- I said--

MARGARET BRENNAN: --and theft and all of those things?

COHN: This didn't address, look, this--

MARGARET BRENNAN: Yeah.

COHN: --did not address the big issue. The big issue the president and I agreed upon is that the Chinese had been stealing our intellectual property. They've been infringing on our- our trademarks. They've been infringing on our copyrights. It has not addressed that. And we still have to continue to address that.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Do you think that China is going to hold up its end of the deal and actually enact some of the reforms they say they're going to carry out?

COHN: I- I think they're going to. I think they're going to open up their markets. I think the Chinese have been close to opening up their markets for the- for the industries that were listed in there. So I'm cautiously optimistic that the Chinese are going to start reforming and opening up their markets.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So you resigned over a difference about tariffs, or at least that was a--

COHN: Yeah, I don't think that's actua- accurate but go ahead.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Well, then why did you resign?

COHN: Well, look, I- I- I left the administration for a variety of different reasons. And- and the president and I had very open conversations about my policy views and his policy views. We'd accomplished a lot. And at the end of the day, he was going a different direction on some of the trade negotiations than I would have gone. I agreed fundamentally on what the issue was. I just didn't agree on how to solve the issue.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So the steel and aluminum tariffs was what many thought was the impetus for your resignation?

COHN: Well, I didn't think--

MARGARET BRENNAN: You're saying it's not?

COHN: I didn't think the steel and aluminum tariffs were helpful to our economy.

MARGARET BRENNAN: But when it comes to the tariffs that were used to get to the- the negotiating table with China on this deal, or where ultimately they ended up with the free trade deal-  the new NAFTA, so to speak, USMCA. Can the president say, look, people may not like my tactics, but I got this done? Was he ultimately right? Were you wrong?

COHN: They- they can say that. I don't think we would have gotten to a different outcome. I don't think the tariffs helped us get to any different outcome.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Did it hurt the U.S.?

COHN: I think it has hurt the U.S.. I think it's totally hurt the United States. Look, the U.S. economy is very strong, very solid. Employment growth is great. But we're missing a big component. We're missing the capital expenditures from companies in the United States. That was a key component to tax reform.  It was a key component to what we thought would help drive the economy in 2018, 2019, 2020 and on. We put some very stimulative measures into the tax reform--

MARGARET BRENNAN: Lowering the corporate tax rate is what you thought was going to get companies--

COHN: Not--

MARGARET BRENNAN:  --to spend more?

COHN: --not lowering. We actually gave them expensing of CapEx. For the first five years, they can 100 percent expense their CapEx. But the minute you turn around and put steel and aluminum tariffs on them, the minute a company is thinking about spending capital, what do you go out and buy? You go out and buy steel and aluminum. That's how you build factories. That's how you build property-- plant equipment. So all of the sudden, the advantages that we were trying to give companies to help stimulate the economy, to build facilities, to go out and hire people, to drive wages, we took away that advantage by taxing the input that they needed to build.

MARGARET BRENNAN: You're saying the president got in his own way?

COHN: I'm saying the policies collided with each other.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Gary Cohn, stay with us. And we will be right back in a moment.

**COMMERCIAL BREAK**

MARGARET BRENNAN: Welcome back to FACE THE NATION. We continue our conversation with former director of the National Economic Council, Gary Cohn.

So at this signing ceremony the president did this week with China, he said:

**BEGIN VIDEOTAPE**

PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: I made a lot of bankers look very good.

**END VIDEOTAPE**

MARGARET BRENNAN: The top six U.S. banks saved about 32 billion dollars because of the tax cuts that you helped craft. This is analysis, according to- to Bloomberg News. The- the hit on the tax law is that it is good for corporations, it's good for business. It's not good for the little guy. Why do you think this analysis is wrong? The president seems to be saying and applauding that he's helping out big banks.

COHN: Well, our- our tax bill's clearly working, which is great. We've made U.S. businesses competitive again with the rest of the world. We lowered the corporate tax rate to 21 percent. So we now have a corporate tax rate that is competitive with the rest of the world. Yes, we lowered corporate tax rates, and that in itself cost less than a hundred billion dollars a year to do that. But it stimulates huge economic growth. The businesses in the United States now can thrive, which means that they can grow. They can go out and hire people, which we've seen. We've seen record unemployment. We've seen record unemployment rates down to 3.5 percent. We've seen wage growth. We've seen 3 percent plus wage growth. And most importantly--

MARGARET BRENNAN: You put this all on the tax law?

COHN: We've seen- a lot of it has to do with tax law. It has to. We've seen higher-end wage growth at the bottom pay scale than we have at the top. So we're seeing the incentives that we created in the tax law by lowering the corporate rate, we're seeing that happen, and that is happening in the last couple of years.

MARGARET BRENNAN: There's a whole debate about the contribution to the deficit. But I want to put that aside here because I want to focus in on something--

COHN: Oh, please don't.

MARGARET BRENNAN: I want to focus in on something, though, that- that is really resonating politically. And it is this broader argument that this country somehow is rigged to benefit the wealthy and disadvantage the poor. And you've even had Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JP Morgan, you've had Hank Paulson, former Treasury secretary, former head of Goldman Sachs. I know you know him. They've said that they're all concerned about income inequality growing in this country. Are you concerned?

COHN: Of course I'm concerned.

MARGARET BRENNAN: But you- but you don't-

COHN: We're all concerned-

MARGARET BRENNAN: --think in any way that there have been contributions to that through the tax law you helped write?

COHN: I- I think there's been contributions for the positive. I think if you look at the data, you'll see that we have grown wages at the bottom end of the pay cycle- scale, I'm sorry, pay scale faster than we've grown them at the top. That's exactly what we're trying to do. We're trying to attract more jobs back to the United States, put more people to work. And that's what we're seeing happening.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Michael Bloomberg says about this tax law, nearly all the money goes to people like me who don't need it. This is a guy who knows Wall Street, who is a billionaire. He's saying that the tax law is- is only advantaging people like him.

COHN: I'd love to know how it's advantaging him. I'd love to see that because at the end of the day, we have lowered rates. I'll agree that we've lowered rates. We have broadened the base, meaning that we make more of your income taxable. That's basic tax policy. Lower rates, broaden base, meaning you get rid of more of the loopholes that people have used to deduct from their income what they pay taxes on. We got rid of a lot of the loopholes. So people are having to pay more taxes- they're having to pay tax on more of their income. Yes, they're paying it at a little lower rate.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Are you going to endorse Michael Bloomberg, whose board I believe you sit on--

COHN: I do not, I do not--

MARGARET BRENNAN: --as part of one of his Bloomberg entities?

COHN: I sit on one of his-- his emerging market boards. I guess it's a board.

MARGARET BRENNAN: But that doesn't mean you're necessarily going to be voting for him?

COHN: It does not.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Two of the candidates who are also vying for the Democratic nomination -- Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren -- constantly come back to this idea of income inequality. They have proposed taxes on billionaires, taxes on financial transactions- Elizabeth Warren has specifically referred to that. People making over 50 million dollars having an additional 2 percent tax. What would the impact of those policies be from your perspective?

COHN: Look, our tax system in the United States is very, very progressive. We have-- over 50 percent of the population today of workers do not pay a dollar of federal income tax. So if you're going to collect more revenue, which I'm not against, we have to collect more revenue, it's going to come from the top half of workers. And in fact, it's going to come from the top 10 percent of workers. That's where-- that's where you can find the taxable income. I think that we will end up doing that. We will potentially need to do that. But these fangled plans that they're coming up with, we don't need to do things like that to collect more income from people. We have a basic tax system that works, and we can do some basic fundamental things, if we need to collect more money. The question is do we need to collect more money? You know, we look at spending and we look at revenue and we don't talk about them in the same sentence. We we collect taxes and then we spend. And Congress never thinks about how much money they have to spend. They just go spend. And so you wouldn't run your household like that. I wouldn't run my household like that. I would decide how much revenue I have and then how much I could spend.

MARGARET BRENNAN: But you're- you're a Democrat.

COHN: Yes, I am.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Is there a single Democrat that you would consider voting for?

COHN: There- there- I- I'll consider voting for anyone. I vote on policy.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Even Elizabeth Warren, whose policy you just tried to--

GARY COHN: I would consider voting for anyone, I said. I didn't say I would. I said I'd consider voting for them.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Well, that's evasive.

COHN: Yeah.

MARGARET BRENNAN: In pulling apart some of her proposals, you seem to be reflecting a lot of what Wall Street says, which is that there is deep concern over this focus on the financial community, on corporations, etc.. In this environment, is this enough that you see some of the people you know on Wall Street continuing to vote along lines of whatever the president is putting forward, even if they don't like some of his behavior, vote for him because of what he's doing for--

COHN: That's a --

MARGARET BRENNAN: --banks?

COHN: --that's a hypothetical question. I don't know. What I do know--

MARGARET BRENNAN: You don't know who you're voting for?

COHN: --what I do know is the economy is really strong, and the Democrats haven't really come up with an idea of how to help the economy get even stronger. So it's probably easier to talk about corporate greed, and talk about Wall Street, and talk about technology companies because they don't really have an answer for an economy that's growing 2.5 percent with 3.5 percent unemployment and 3 percent wage growth. I haven't heard their answer on that, except let's tax it to death.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So as you said, you identify as a Democrat. You did have disagreements with the president on a number of things. I was there in Trump Tower the day of the Charlottesville reference – "fine people on both sides" -- I remember your face that day and you were very public about some of your differences with the president. Will you vote for him?

COHN: Look, I'm very supportive of the president's economic policy. I'm very supportive of what he's done on deregulation. I haven't heard anyone who's come up with a better policy yet. Now, I just don't vote on the economy. I vote on a lot of the social issues as well. So, you know, in many respects, I've got to balance both sides of that equation before I figure out who I'm gonna vote for.

MARGARET BRENNAN: So you're leaving the door open?

COHN: I'm leaving the door open. But at this point, I don't have any intention not to vote for the president.

MARGARET BRENNAN: You are a frank guy. You're usually pretty direct.

COHN: Yeah.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Is there anyone around the president who can be direct with him right now? Is there anyone doing what you said you did when guiding him on some of these economic policies?

COHN: I don't know. I've been gone a year and a half. I am sure there are people when talking to the president--

MARGARET BRENNAN: But when the president can say, "Look, I've gotten these tariffs that have helped me get this free trade deal with North America. These tariffs have helped me get this Phase 1 deal with China" -- doesn't that encourage the president's approach, one that you have said you have differed with him on?

COHN: It may encourage his approach- but he- he's also got advisors in there that I'm sure are telling him differences. I know that there are people in there- you know, Secretary Mnuchin and I had a lot of conversations where we agreed on tariffs- and I'm sure the secretary is talking to the president about tariffs and what effect they're having and what effect they're not having.

MARGARET BRENNAN: Lastly, I want to ask you about a new book. I know you haven't read it. It's coming out, and there've been excerpts released that directly reference you, which is why I want to give you a chance to respond. He's called the president is- is- in this meeting accused of calling advisers "dopes and babies" and the like. Is the- the description of the president and his management style matching your experience?

COHN: I don't know what book you're referring to. As you said I haven't read it, so I- I- I wouldn't know.

MARGARET BRENNAN: The management style of berating advisors?

COHN: Look, the president is-- what you see on TV is exactly what you get in private with the president. The president is the same person behind closed doors as he is out in public, which is- which is a unique feature. You know, it's not like he turns it on or turns it off when he walks outside. So you've seen everything the president has. That's exactly what you see when you're in a private meeting with him.

MARGARET BRENNAN: All right. Gary Cohn, thank you for your time.

COHN: Thank you.

MARGARET BRENNAN: We'll be right back with our political panel. Stay with us.

Oscars 2020: "Parasite" wins Best Picture — Full list of winners
Updated on: February 9, 2020 / 2:40 PM EST / CBS News

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/
 link copied

"Parasite" was the big winner of the night, taking home Best International Film and Best Picture. Bong Joon Ho won the Academy Award for Best Director as well. This is the first time in the history of the Academy Awards a foreign language film has won Best Picture.

Todd Phillips' "Joker" led the Oscar nominations with 11, including best picture. It was closely followed by Martin Scorsese's crime drama "The Irishman," Quentin Tarantino's "Once Upon a Time…in Hollywood" and Sam Mendes' World War I epic "1917," each of which earned 10 nominations.

Brad Pitt took home his first Oscar by winning Best Supporting Actor for his role in "One Upon a Time ... In Hollywood." Laura Dern also received her first ever Academy Award, winning Best Supporting Actress.

Oscars 2020: Red carpet arrivals at the Academy Awards 
Oscars 2020: Red carpet arrivals at the Academy Awards
82 photos
 11:26 PM / February 9, 2020
Best Picture
"Parasite" — Kwak Sin Ae and Bong Joon Ho, Producers — Winner
"Ford v Ferrari" — Peter Chernin, Jenno Topping and James Mangold, Producers
"The Irishman" — Martin Scorsese, Robert De Niro, Jane Rosenthal and Emma Tillinger Koskoff, Producers
"Jojo Rabbit" — Carthew Neal, Taika Waititi and Chelsea Winstanley, Producers
"Joker" — Todd Phillips, Bradley Cooper and Emma Tillinger Koskoff, Producers
"Little Women" — Amy Pascal, Producer
"Marriage Story" — Noah Baumbach and David Heyman, Producers
"1917" — Sam Mendes, Pippa Harris, Jayne-Ann Tenggren and Callum McDougall, Producers
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — David Heyman, Shannon McIntosh and Quentin Tarantino, Producers
"Parasite" is the first ever foreign language film to win Best Picture at the Academy Awards.


PARASITE Accepts the Oscar for Best Picture by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-936336ab
 link copied
 11:14 PM / February 9, 2020
Actress in a Leading Role
Renée Zellweger — "Judy" — Winner
Cynthia Erivo — "Harriet"
Scarlett Johansson — "Marriage Story"
Saoirse Ronan — "Little Women"
Charlize Theron — "Bombshell"

JUDY Accepts the Oscar for Lead Actress by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-e693e9d7
 link copied
 11:06 PM / February 9, 2020
Actor in a Leading Role
Joaquin Phoenix — "Joker" — Winner
Antonio Banderas — "Pain and Glory"
Leonardo DiCaprio — "Once upon a Time … in Hollywood"
Adam Driver — "Marriage Story"
Jonathan Pryce — "The Two Popes"

Joaquin Phoenix Accepts the Oscar for Lead Actor by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-356e640d
 link copied
 10:52 PM / February 9, 2020
Directing
"Parasite" — Bong Joon Ho — Winner  
"The Irishman" — Martin Scorsese
"Joker" — Todd Phillips
"1917" — Sam Mendes
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Quentin Tarantino

Bong Joon Ho Accepts the Oscar for Directing by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-f73ae111
 link copied
 11:21 PM / February 9, 2020
Billie Eilish sings "Yesterday" for the In Memoriam

Oscars 2020 In Memoriam Billie Eilish Performance by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-09694850
 link copied
 10:46 PM / February 9, 2020
Best Original Song
(I'm Gonna) Love me Again — from "Rocketman"; Music by Elton John; Lyric by Bernie Taupin — Winner
I Can't Let You Throw Yourself Away — from "Toy Story 4"; Music and Lyric by Randy Newman
I'm Standing with You — from "Breakthrough"; Music and Lyric by Diane Warren
Into the Unknown — from "Frozen II"; Music and Lyric by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez
Stand Up — from "Harriet"; Music and Lyric by Joshuah Brian Campbell and Cynthia Erivo

ROCKETMAN Accepts the Oscar for Original Song by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-abf39753
 link copied
 10:43 PM / February 9, 2020
Best Original Score
"Joker" — Hildur Guðnadóttir — Winner
"Little Women" — Alexandre Desplat
"Marriage Story" — Randy Newman
"1917" — Thomas Newman
"Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" — John Williams
Prior to the announcement of the winner, Brie Larsen, Sigourney Weaver and Gal Gadot introduced maestra Eimear Noone. For this first time in the history of the Oscars, a woman conducted the orchestra as they performed a medley of nominees in this category. 


Maestra Eimear Noone Conducts Best Original Score Medley by ABC on YouTube

JOKER Accepts the Oscar for Original Score by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-3a085eee
 link copied
 10:31 PM / February 9, 2020
Elton John performs "(I'm Gonna) Love me Again"
Sir Elton John performed "(I'm Gonna) Love me Again," which is nominated for Best Original Song. The song was written for the Elton John biopic "Rocketman."


Elton John Performs '(I'm Gonna) Love Me Again' Live at Oscars 2020 by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-91c8fcf9
 link copied
 10:25 PM / February 9, 2020
International Feature Film
"Parasite" — South Korea — Winner
"Corpus Christi" — Poland
"Honeyland" — North Macedonia
"Les Misérables" — France
"Pain and Glory" — Spain
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-757ebaa4
 link copied
 10:17 PM / February 9, 2020
Makeup and Hairstyling
"Bombshell" — Kazu Hiro, Anne Morgan and Vivian Baker — Winner
"Joker" — Nicki Ledermann and Kay Georgiou
"Judy" — Jeremy Woodhead
"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" — Paul Gooch, Arjen Tuiten and David White
"1917" — Naomi Donne, Tristan Versluis and Rebecca Cole

By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-7d4bc875
 link copied
 10:14 PM / February 9, 2020
Visual Effects
"1917" — Guillaume Rocheron, Greg Butler and Dominic Tuohy — Winner
"Avengers: Endgame" — Dan DeLeeuw, Russell Earl, Matt Aitken and Dan Sudick
"The Irishman" — Pablo Helman, Leandro Estebecorena, Nelson Sepulveda-Fauser and Stephane Grabli
"The Lion King" — Robert Legato, Adam Valdez, Andrew R. Jones and Elliot Newman
"Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" — Roger Guyett, Neal Scanlan, Patrick Tubach and Dominic Tuohy
Rebel Wilson and James Corden presented the award dressed as their characters from "Cats." It was unpleasant.



By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-da4d954f
 link copied
 10:08 PM / February 9, 2020
Cynthia Erivo performs "Stand Up"
Cynthia Erivo performed her Oscar-nominated song "Stand Up" from the film "Harriet." 


Cynthia Erivo Performs 'Stand Up' Live at Oscars 2020 by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-640481d9
 link copied
 9:56 PM / February 9, 2020
Film Editing
"Ford v Ferrari" — Michael McCusker and Andrew Buckland — Winner
"The Irishman" — Thelma Schoonmaker
"Jojo Rabbit" — Tom Eagles
"Joker" — Jeff Groth
"Parasite" — Yang Jinmo
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-20d4a276
 link copied
 9:52 PM / February 9, 2020
Cinematography
"1917" — Roger Deakins — Winner
"The Irishman" — Rodrigo Prieto
"Joker" — Lawrence Sher
"The Lighthouse" — Jarin Blaschke
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Robert Richardson

1917 Accepts the Oscar for Cinematography by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-1c79ebba
 link copied
 9:45 PM / February 9, 2020
Randy Newman performs "I Can't Let You Throw Yourself Away"
Randy Newman performed the Oscar-nominated "I Can't Let You Throw Yourself Away." Newman wrote the song for "Toy Story 4." He has written songs for and scored each installment of the franchise.


Randy Newman Performs 'I Can't Let You Throw Yourself Away' by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-292eb404
 link copied
 9:41 PM / February 9, 2020
Sound Mixing
"1917" — Mark Taylor and Stuart Wilson — Winner
"Ad Astra" — Gary Rydstrom, Tom Johnson and Mark Ulano
"Ford v Ferrari" — Paul Massey, David Giammarco and Steven A. Morrow
"Joker" — Tom Ozanich, Dean Zupancic and Tod Maitland
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Michael Minkler, Christian P. Minkler and Mark Ulano

1917 Accepts the Oscar for Sound Mixing by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-538b5ca1
 link copied
 9:38 PM / February 9, 2020
Sound Editing
"Ford v Ferrari" — Donald Sylvester — Winner
"Joker" — Alan Robert Murray
"1917" — Oliver Tarney and Rachael Tate
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Wylie Stateman
"Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" — Matthew Wood and David Acord

FORD V FERRARI Accepts the Oscar for Sound Editing by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-e05b5e2f
 link copied
 9:32 PM / February 9, 2020
Eminem performs "Lose Yourself"
Following a montage of iconic music moments in film, Eminem performed his hit "Lose Yourself" from "8 Mile." "Lose Yourself" won Best Original Song at the 75th Academy Awards.

92nd Annual Academy Awards - Show 
Eminem performs onstage during the 92nd Annual Academy Awards at Dolby Theatre on February 09, 2020, in Hollywood, California.
Getty
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-5c8a5a31
 link copied
 9:18 PM / February 9, 2020
Actress in a Supporting Role
Laura Dern — "Marriage Story" — Winner
Kathy Bates — "Richard Jewell"
Scarlett Johansson — "Jojo Rabbit" 
Florence Pugh — "Little Women"
Margot Robbie — "Bombshell"

Laura Dern Accepts the Oscar for Supporting Actress by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-e0335032
 link copied
 9:13 PM / February 9, 2020
Documentary Short Subject
"Learning to Skateboard in a Warzone (If You're a Girl)" — Carol Dysinger and Elena Andreicheva — Winner
"In the Absence" — Yi Seung-Jun and Gary Byung-Seok Kam
"Life Overtakes Me" — John Haptas and Kristine Samuelson
"St. Louis Superman" — Smriti Mundhra and Sami Khan
"Walk Run Cha-Cha" — Laura Nix and Colette Sandstedt

LEARNING TO SKATEBOARD IN A WARZONE (IF YOU'RE A GIRL) Accepts Oscar for Documentary (Short Subject) by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-bf23592b
 link copied
 9:10 PM / February 9, 2020
Documentary Feature
"American Factory" — Steven Bognar, Julia Reichert and Jeff Reichert — Winner
"The Cave" — Feras Fayyad, Kirstine Barfod and Sigrid Dyekjær
"The Edge of Democracy" — Petra Costa, Joanna Natasegara, Shane Boris and Tiago Pavan
"For Sama" — Waad al-Kateab and Edward Watts
"Honeyland" — Ljubo Stefanov, Tamara Kotevska and Atanas Georgiev

AMERICAN FACTORY Accepts the Oscar for Documentary (Feature) by ABC on YouTube

By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-de62b2e6
 link copied
 9:00 PM / February 9, 2020
Costume Design
"Little Women" — Jacqueline Durran — Winner
"The Irishman" — Sandy Powell and Christopher Peterson
"Jojo Rabbit — Mayes C. Rubeo
"Joker" — Mark Bridges
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Arianne Phillips

LITTLE WOMEN Accepts the Oscar for Costume Design by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-68ebcfb3
 link copied
 9:25 PM / February 9, 2020
Chrissy Metz Performs "I'm Standing With You"

Chrissy Metz Performs 'I'm Standing With You' Live at Oscars 2020 by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-e87b815d
 link copied
 8:56 PM / February 9, 2020
Production Design
Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Production Design: Barbara Ling; Set Decoration: Nancy Haigh — Winner  
"The Irishman" — Production Design: Bob Shaw; Set Decoration: Regina Graves
"Jojo Rabbit" — Production Design: Ra Vincent; Set Decoration: Nora Sopková
"191"7 — Production Design: Dennis Gassner; Set Decoration: Lee Sandales
"Parasite" — Production Design: Lee Ha Jun; Set Decoration: Cho Won Woo

ONCE UPON A TIME...IN HOLLYWOOD Accepts the Oscar for Production Design by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-fa197f1a
 link copied
 8:48 PM / February 9, 2020
Short Film (Live Action)
"The Neighbors' Window" — Marshall Curry — Winner
"Brotherhood" — Meryam Joobeur and Maria Gracia Turgeon
"Nefta Football Club" — Yves Piat and Damien Megherbi
"Saria" — Bryan Buckley and Matt Lefebvre
"A Sister" — Delphine Girard

Marshall Curry Accepts the Oscar for Live Action Short by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-36bf94c0
 link copied
 8:45 PM / February 9, 2020
Best Adapted Screenplay
"Jojo Rabbit" — Taika Waititi — Winner
"The Irishman" — Steven Zaillian
"Joker" — Todd Phillips & Scott Silver
"Little Women" — Greta Gerwig
"The Two Popes" — Anthony McCarten

JOJO RABBIT Accepts the Oscar for Adapted Screenplay by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-56e67c99
 link copied
 8:40 PM / February 9, 2020
Best Original Screenplay
"Parasite" — Bong Joon Ho, Han Jin Won; Story by Bong Joon Ho — Winner
"Knives Out" — Rian Johnson
"Marriage Story" — Noah Baumbach
"1917" — Sam Mendes & Krysty Wilson-Cairns
"Once Upon a Time … In Hollywood" — Quentin Tarantino

PARASITE Accepts the Oscar for Original Screenplay by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-f6f35f2f
 link copied
 8:36 PM / February 9, 2020
Elsas from around the world perform "Into the Unknown"

Idina Menzel Performs 'Into the Unknown' Live at Oscars 2020 by ABC on YouTube
Idina Menzel and other actresses from around the world who voice Elsa from "Frozen" and "Frozen II" performed the Oscar-nominated song "Into the Unknown." Menzel took on the bulk of the work but each various Elsa sang a bit in their native language when it was their turn.

"Into the Unknown" is nominated for Best Original Song.

92nd Annual Academy Awards - Show 
Idina Menzel performs onstage during the 92nd Annual Academy Awards at Dolby Theatre on February 9, 2020.
Getty
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-fc2a9721
 link copied
 8:25 PM / February 9, 2020
Short Film (Animated)
"Hair Love" — Matthew A. Cherry and Karen Rupert Toliver — Winner 
"Dcera (Daughter)" — Daria Kashcheeva
"Kitbull" — Rosana Sullivan and Kathryn Hendrickson 
"Memorable" — Bruno Collet and Jean-François Le Corre 
"Sister" — Siqi Song

HAIR LOVE Accepts the Oscar for Animated Short by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-462fc5d9
 link copied
 8:23 PM / February 9, 2020
Animated Feature Film
"Toy Story 4" — Josh Cooley, Mark Nielsen and Jonas Rivera — Winner
"How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World" — Dean DeBlois, Bradford Lewis and Bonnie Arnold
"I Lost My Body" — Jérémy Clapin and Marc du Pontavice
"Klaus" — Sergio Pablos, Jinko Gotoh and Marisa Román
"Missing Link" — Chris Butler, Arianne Sutner and Travis Knight

TOY STORY 4 Accepts the Oscar for Animated Feature by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-d45bc84c
 link copied
 8:18 PM / February 9, 2020
Janelle Monáe kicks off the 92nd Academy Awards

Janelle Monae Opens Oscars 2020 by ABC on YouTube
The 2020 Oscars got off to an energetic start with the help of a musical number from Janelle Monáe. The singer opened with a rendition of "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" before launching into an original number for the awards show. Billy Porter also joined her onstage.

Monáe gave a shout out to all the "women who directed phenomenal films" this year and said she was thrilled the be a "black queer woman artist" and wished everyone "happy Black History Month."

US-ENTERTAINMENT-FILM-OSCARS-SHOW 
Singer-songwriter Janelle Monáe (L) and actor Billy Porter perform onstage.
Getty
US-ENTERTAINMENT-FILM-OSCARS-SHOW 
Janelle Monáe performs.
Getty
US-ENTERTAINMENT-FILM-OSCARS-SHOW 
Janelle Monáe performs.
Getty
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-2c3e2214
 link copied
 8:15 PM / February 9, 2020
Actor in a Supporting Role
Brad Pitt — "Once upon a Time … in Hollywood"  — Winner
Anthony Hopkins — "The Two Popes"
Al Pacino — "The Irishman"
Joe Pesci  — "The Irishman"
Tom Hanks — "A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood"

Brad Pitt Accepts the Oscar for Supporting Actor by ABC on YouTube
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-fe966cd1
 link copied
 7:45 PM / February 9, 2020
"Joker" received the most nominations, but it's not expected to sweep

By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-394287f3
 link copied
 7:40 PM / February 9, 2020
Natalie Portman arrives wearing cape with names of female directors who weren't nominated for an award
Actress Natalie Portman decided to make a statement with her red carpet outfit at the 92nd Academy Awards. The Oscar-winner arrived wearing a cape embroidered with the names of female directors who weren't nominated this year. 

"I wanted to recognize the women who were not recognized for their incredible work here in my subtle way," Portman told the Los Angeles Times' AMy Kaufman.

All the nominees for Best Director this year are men.


By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-e9e25bd3
 link copied
 6:23 PM / February 9, 2020
Photos from the red carpet
Attendees have been trickling into the Dolby Theatre for the 92nd Academy Awards. Check out all the looks from this year's red carpet.

Oscars 2020: Red carpet arrivals at the Academy Awards 
Oscars 2020: Red carpet arrivals at the Academy Awards
82 photos
By Jordan Freiman
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-7fdf45af
 link copied
 4:13 PM / February 9, 2020
Catherine Zeta-Jones posts tribute to father-in-law, Kirk Douglas
Actress Catherine Zeta-Jones on Sunday thanked fans of her late father-in-law Kirk Douglas, the legendary actor who was nominated for three Oscars. Douglas died Wednesday at the age of 103. 

"Michael joins me in thanking you all for your overwhelming love, kind words and prayers since the passing of my father in law Kirk," she captioned the photo. "My whole family appreciated every word. Love to you all," she posted on Instagram.

View this post on Instagram
Michael joins me in thanking you all for your overwhelming love,kind words and prayers since the passing of my father in law Kirk. My whole family appreciated every word. Love to you all❤️

A post shared by Catherine Zeta-Jones (@catherinezetajones) on Feb 9, 2020 at 9:21am PST

By Caroline Linton
https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-1bef96fd
 link copied
 1:54 PM / February 9, 2020
How intimacy coordinators are changing the way intimate encounters are filmed

https://www.cbsnews.com/live-updates/oscars-2020-academy-awards-performances-winners-live-updating-2020-02-09/#post-update-617ef426
 link copied
The 2024 Oscars More 
An Oscar statue is pictured at the red carpet of the 96th Annual Academy Awards 
2024 Oscars draw biggest TV viewership in 4 years, Nieslen ratings show
96th Academy Awards Back Stage 
What was nearly nude John Cena really wearing at the Oscars?
untitled-design.png 
Trump roasted Jimmy Kimmel during the Oscars, and Kimmel read it on air
96th Annual Academy Awards - Show 
Nearly naked John Cena presents Oscar for best costume design
Jordan Freiman
Jordan Freiman is a news editor for CBSNews.com. He covers breaking news, trending stories, sports and crime. Jordan has previously worked at Spin and Death and Taxes.


Face The Nation
This week on "Face the Nation," September 6, 2020: Rubenstein, el-Erian, Lowery, Gottlieb
face-the-nation
September 4, 2020 / 2:35 PM EDT / CBS News


"Face the Nation" Guest Lineup:
Mohamed el-Erian, Allianz Chief Economic Advisor
David M. Rubenstein, Author of The American Story and co-founder and co-executive chairman of The Carlyle Group
Dr. Scott Gottlieb, Former FDA Commissioner
Wes Lowery, "60 in 6" Quibi Correspondent
Anthony Salvanto, CBS News Elections & Surveys Director  
How to watch "Face the Nation"
Date: Sunday, September 6, 2020

TV: "Face the Nation" airs Sunday mornings on CBS. Click here for your local listings

Radio: Subscribe to "Face the Nation" from CBS Radio News to listen on-the-go

Free online stream: Watch a rebroadcast of the show on CBS' streaming network CBSN at 11 a.m., 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. ET.

With the latest news and analysis from Washington, don't miss Margaret Brennan (@margbrennan) this Sunday on "Face the Nation" (@FaceTheNation). 

And for the latest from America's premier public affairs program, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.


Face The Nation
Bloomberg holds off on 2020 endorsement and says Biden is "not a lock for the nomination"
face-the-nation
August 11, 2019 / 6:41 AM EDT / CBS News


Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, once considered a possible Democratic candidate for president, said he is holding off on endorsing any of the current candidates. Bloomberg told "Face the Nation" he believes the way to judge a candidate is by what he or she has done in the past. 

"I want to elect people that have demonstrated ability to do things and a desire that even when it was unpopular, to go and do the right thing," Bloomberg said. 

Transcript: Michael Bloomberg on "Face the Nation"
Michael Bloomberg says Trump's words encourage white supremacist violence
Bloomberg said that, for example, on gun reform, he wanted to see what work a candidate had done with Moms Demand Action or have they been working against the NRA. Bloomberg's Everytown for Gun Safety held a forum in Des Moines, Iowa, on Saturday that was attended by most of the Democratic contenders. 

When "Face the Nation" moderator Margaret Brennan asked him when he will make an endorsement, Bloomberg noted there are "15 months" until the election. "Certainly not going to worry about it today," he said. 

Bloomberg also said current frontrunner Joe Biden is "not a lock" for the nomination.

"No, I think — and Joe would certainly tell you — that he's not a lock for the nomination," Bloomberg told "Face the Nation." "There are 20 candidates, of which the majority of them have a really legitimate chance."

Bloomberg said Biden has "great experience" and is a "great American who's worked very hard for the country." But, he said, "there are lots of others who you can say exactly the same thing about."

"Joe's going to have to go out there and earn his spurs as they say and he's going to have to face every issue," Bloomberg said. "All of the Democrats are running against each other for the nomination. They're not running against Donald Trump at the moment, that's for the next election. And I think that they're going to have to make their case why their domestic and foreign policies would be better than the other person's." 

Julia Hollingsworth, CNN
Tue November 12, 2019
Hong Kong has been hit with another day of turmoil Tuesday after a man was shot by a police officer and another set alight following a confrontation with protesters in one of the most dramatic days in over five months of protests.

Some universities and schools shut Tuesday as protesters and riot police faced off around the Asian financial hub. By 8 a.m. police had already fired tear gas on the city’s streets.

At midday Tuesday, a few thousand people – including office workers and black-clad protesters – brought traffic to a standstill by occupying a major intersection in Central, the city’s business district. In the afternoon, police fired multiple rounds of tear gas and detained about a dozen people.

Office workers and pro-democracy protesters walk around bricks lying on a street during a demonstration in Central in Hong Kong on November 12, 2019. ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP/AFP via Getty Images
Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) in Hong Kong’s New Territories also became a major flashpoint Tuesday. In the morning, protesters set up barricades and a collection of bows and arrows were spotted piled nearby. By the afternoon, tensions flared between police and protesters, with police firing tear gas as protesters threw petrol bombs, causing an empty car to go up in flames.

At both Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Hum, “masked rioters” dropped bricks from a footbridge, police spokesman Kong Wing-cheung said during a press conference Tuesday afternoon. From another footbridge near the University of Hong Kong, “rioters” threw chairs and traffic cones at the traffic below, he said.

Kong said society had been “pushed to the brink of a total breakdown” over the past two days – and said if anyone who was still making excuses for protesters’ violence, they needed to “do some soul-searching.”

A man is escorted by firemen along train tracks near Sha Tin MTR station on November 12, 2019. PHILIP FONG/AFP/AFP via Getty Images
“If anyone still has any wishful thinking that they can achieve their so-called ideals by using violence, please wake up,” he said. “If you still refuse to cut ties with rioters and are still looking for excuses to defend them, you are indeed an accomplice.”

Earlier in the day, Hong Kong’s leader Carrie Lam called out “aggressive rioters” who she said were trying to disrupt the city’s transport networks. “They want to paralyze Hong Kong, which is a selfish act,” she said.

Protesters gather in the Central district of Hong Kong on November 12, 2019.
Although some schools have shut for the day, Lam said the government is not officially suspending classes as it would give protesters what they wanted – to bring the city to a standstill.

Most subway lines remained operational throughout the day. However, some commuters were forced to walk along the train tracks in Sha Tin district after an unidentified object was found on the track, an MTR representative said.

Tuesday’s unrest follows a day of clashes around the city on Monday that saw protesters hurl petrol bombs, set fires, build barricades and disrupt transport. In total, 287 people were arrested on Monday, including 187 students, according to police.

A protester in Central, a business district in Hong Kong, on November 12, 2019. CNN
A day of chaos
On Monday morning local time, a police officer shot a 21-year-old protester at close range in the torso in Sai Wan Ho, on eastern Hong Kong Island. Hong Kong Chief Superintendent of Police Tse Chun-Chung said the officer fired because he was afraid the protester would attempt to snatch the gun from his hand.

On Monday afternoon, police said there was no immediate threat to the protester’s life, and on Tuesday, hospital authorities said he was no longer in a critical condition. According to a police source, the protester has been arrested for unlawful assembly, and for attempted robbery over allegedly trying to grab the gun.

In a separate incident on Monday afternoon, a 57-year-old man was doused with a flammable liquid and set alight after an argument with protesters on a footbridge in Ma On Shan, police said in a statement.

The man remains in acritical condition, according to Hong Kong’s Hospital Authority. Police are treating the case as attempted murder.

A police officer was suspended from front line service Monday after driving a motorbike through a crowd of protesters in Kwai Fung, in the New Territories, Tse said.

While police officers were under great pressure, they were not out of control, he said.

“We appeal to everyone to please stay calm and rational,” Tse added. “Continuing this rampage is a lose-lose situation for Hong Kong – everyone is a loser.”

Human rights group Amnesty International called Monday a “shocking low for the Hong Kong police,” describing the shooting of the protester as a “reckless use of force.”

Ongoing protests
Hong Kong’s protests began in June over a now-withdrawn extradition bill.

Since then, demonstrations have expanded to include five major demands, including an independent inquiry into alleged police brutality and wider democratic reforms.

In response to the demands, the city government appointed a panel of overseas experts to assist Hong Kong’s longstanding Independent Police Complaints Council (IPCC), which is conducting a fact-finding study into alleged police misconduct during the protests.

But on Saturday, one of the experts tweeted a copy of the panel’s progress report, criticizing the IPCC’s investigative capabilities, and saying it needed to “substantially enhance its capacity” to assess evidence from witnesses and assemble a coherent account of the facts.

Protesters use a catapult against police during a protest Hong Kong's City University on November 12, 2019 following a day of pro-democracy protests. PHILIP FONG/AFP/AFP via Getty Images
The IPCC said it was “disappointed” that it was not consulted before one of the overseas experts made the progress report public. On Sunday, the Hong Kong government said the IPCC’s study would be “by no means a final report.”

The nonstop protests have also sent retail and tourism numbers plunging, and the semi-autonomous city fell into recession in October. Travel is dropping as demonstrations escalate in violence, and there is increasing public hostility toward the city government and police force.

Foam board boxes are seen on a street during a demonstration on November 11, 2019 in Hong Kong, China. Anthony Kwan/Getty Images AsiaPac/Getty Images
Escalating violence
Monday’s violence comes just days after a university student died from a head injury suffered in a parking garage close to the scene of protests.

Chow Tsz-lok, a computer sciences student at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST), died on Friday morning after being on life support.

Although there is no indication that Chow was involved in the nearby protest the night of his injury, his death prompted an outpouring of anger and grief from anti-government protesters, who claim that police actions on the night of the accident resulted in paramedics being temporarily unable to access him, a charge the force denies.

CNN’s Jadyn Shum and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report.

Schools shut, riot police out as Hong Kong sees yet another day of unrest


Local News
It's Official: L Train Shutdown Called Off
January 18, 2019 / 11:05 AM EST / CBS New York
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – It's official.

The L train shutdown has been called off.

"The total shutdown of both tunnels and all service scheduled for April 27 will not be necessary," the MTA said in a statement Thursday.

The Canarsie Tunnel's two tubes, connecting Brooklyn and Manhattan, were slated to shut down this spring for 15 months of repairs to fix damage done by Superstorm Sandy.

But earlier this month, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, joined by engineers from Columbia and Cornell universities, presented a new plan that could be done without a complete closure.
"We needed an idea outside the box," the governor said.

Web Extra: Read Gov. Cuomo's L Train Proposal

The MTA contractor that came up with the original plan, WSP, recommended the agency move forward with Cuomo's proposal, which calls for mounting cables on racks attached to the tunnel walls, instead of the move invasive plan to burying them in the benchwall.

"Just like the fiber reinforced polymer that is used in the Second Avenue Subway, the 7 train extension, the Culver Viaduct, the Bay Bridge, and many other structures across New York and the United States, the materials used in this project would meet rigorous standards developed for the safety and well being of riders, workers, and the general public," WSP Senior Vice President Jerry Jannetti said in a statement. "As the designer who has studied both options, the new approach will meet all the goals of the original plan, with one major difference: riders won't spend 15 months without L train service."

The governor said the new techniques have never been used before in the United States but have seen some success in Europe.

"It allows a visual inspection, it allows access for repairs," said Jannetti during a hearing on Tuesday. "As we look around the globe and see that this is used in many different places, there are tremendous benefits as well."

The new repair plan will still require the closure of one of the tubes on nights and weekends, but trains will run in both directions 24/7.

The MTA is now working on a revised timeline. For more information, click here.

Homeless Family Says City-Sponsored Temporary Housing Has No Heat, Lights, Or Running Water
January 31, 2019 / 11:55 PM EST / CBS New York

Local News
Homeless Family Says City-Sponsored Temporary Housing Has No Heat, Lights, Or Running Water
newyork
January 31, 2019 / 11:55 PM EST / CBS New York


EAST ORANGE, N.J. (CBSNewYork) -- A homeless family in need of a place to sleep says their problems only got worse after getting help from New York City.

When the city offered to pay a full year's rent for the Nicholsons, they say it felt like a dream come true. Even though both parents were working, they still weren't making enough to get by.

They moved out of their shelter, but say the home they were placed in is so bad they're better off in the streets.

"Anything you flush goes in the sewage in the floor," father Kevin said. "There are supposed to be heaters on the floor that don't work."

The Department of Homeless Services placed Kevin, his wife, and their two sons in the East Orange, New Jersey home in June. It has no heat, no lights, and no running water.

"We had to put buckets here to put the water from the bottles to wash," Kevin said. "We had to call people to be like, can we come shower?"

HOW TO HELP: Visit the family's GoFundMe page.

It's so cold, the water has turned to ice and there aren't enough blankets to keep their youngest from crying.

"I tried sticking it out and putting my own money in the house but we don't own the house so anything we would've done it would've been the owners'," Kevin said.

Under what's called the Special One-Time Assistance Program, the city will cover one year's rent for eligible homeless families. Kevin says DHS gave him three houses in New Jersey to choose from, even though both parents were working in Manhattan and their children are enrolled in Manhattan schools.

"You can only turn down two places, if you turn down more basically they say you gotta leave the shelter," Kevin said.

Making matters worse, they haven't provided transportation to their jobs in the city. Kevin says DHS also assured him construction would be complete within three weeks of moving in.

"Every time we reached out to them they wouldn't reply to us," Kevin said. "If we called it'd be like we'll see. They sent an inspector out here from New York and he said in the summertime it'll be nice. In the summer we won't know if we don't have heat cause it's hot outside."

The private landlord has also stopped answering his phone, even for CBS2.

"This is still our residence, we're still on the lease so we can't go anywhere," Kevin said. "I have family, but they all have families. They have kids of their own."

In a statement to CBS2, DHS said: "We will investigate this case to determine whether... the landlord neglected their obligations, and will continue to work closely with the family."

Meanwhile, Kevin is left searching for answers.

"I feel like I messed my kids' life up, and I owe them so much and more," he said. "I just can't give it to them right now."

The Nicholsons say after their son was hospitalized for asthma in December, DHS allowed them to temporarily stay in a city shelter. They aren't eligible to even apply for a different home until their lease is up in June. What they'll do before and after that, they can't yet say. In the meantime, they've set up a GoFundMe page in hopes of moving into an apartment.

Notorious Drug Lord Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman Convicted In Trafficking Trial
February 12, 2019 / 1:50 PM EST / CBS New York

Local News
Notorious Drug Lord Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman Convicted In Trafficking Trial
newyork
February 12, 2019 / 1:50 PM EST / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) – Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman was found guilty on all 10 counts in his drug trafficking trial.

Guzman was convicted Tuesday of running an industrial-scale smuggling operation after a three-month trial packed with Hollywood-style tales of grisly killings, political payoffs, cocaine hidden in jalapeno cans, jewel-encrusted guns and a naked escape with his mistress through a tunnel.

"In sum, the jury found that Guzman led the Sinaloa cartel, one of the largest and most dangerous drug cartels in the world, and that he is responsible for violence, including murders, and the smuggling of massive amounts of narcotics into the United States over decades. " U.S. Attorney Richard Donoghue said. "This conviction, we expect, will bring a sentence of life without the possibility of parole. It is a sentence from which there is no escape and no return."

Web Extra: Prosecutors, Defense Attorneys Hold News Conference After 'El Chapo' Conviction 


"This trial has pulled back the curtain on international drug dealing in a way that no other trial has," Donoghue said. "It revealed that Guzman and his co-conspirators were responsible for smuggling hundreds of tons of cocaine, heroin, methamphetamines and marijuana into the United States. It also revealed that they were only able to operate on that scale because of endemic corruption. This is unacceptable and it will end. This is a day of reckoning, but there are more days of reckoning to come."


Donoghue said Guzman "made billions while pouring poison over our southern border."

Guzman stared at the jury straight-faced as the judge read the guilty verdict. He leaned back in his chair to catch the eye of his wife, who gave him a subtle thumbs up, when the jury was discharged from a federal courthouse in Brooklyn.


His defense lawyer Jeffrey Lichtman says Guzman's conviction is "devastating."

The defense case lasted just half an hour.


"I don't think anybody would doubt that we fought like hell," Lichtman said. "We fought like complete savages and left it all on the battlefield for Joaquin Guzman. I mean, this is America, and no matter who the defendant is, you still have to fight to the death. No matter what people think, what society thinks, what the government thinks, we took that obligation incredibly seriously and like I said we left nothing - everything was left on the battlefield."

Lichtman said they fought the government's case "every step of the way."

Guzman shook the hands of his defense attorneys after the verdict.

U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan lauded the jury's meticulous attention to detail. Cogan says it made him "very proud to be an American."

The jury heard testimony about Guzman's rise to power as the head of the Sinaloa cartel. Prosecutors say he is responsible for smuggling at least 200 tons of cocaine into the United States and using violence to protect his turf.


The defense claimed his role has been exaggerated by cooperators who are seeking leniency in their own cases.

Guzman, 61, faces life in prison. His sentencing is set to take place at 10 a.m. on June 25. He is expected to be sent to a supermax prison in Colorado.


The verdict came on the sixth day of deliberations.

He has been held in solitary confinement since being sent to the U.S. in 2017.

Guzman faced a drumbeat of drug-trafficking and conspiracy convictions that could put him behind bars for decades in a maximum-security U.S. prison selected to thwart another one of the breakouts that embarrassed his native country.

Prosecutors presented 56 witnesses, 14 of which were considered "government cooperators."

The jurors identities were kept secret in the expansive case, sorting through what authorities called an "avalanche" of evidence gathered since the late 1980s that Guzman and his murderous Sinaloa drug cartel made billions in profits by smuggling tons of cocaine, heroin, meth and marijuana into the U.S.

Evidence showed drugs poured into the U.S. through secret tunnels or hidden in tanker trucks, concealed in the undercarriage of passenger cars and packed in rail cars passing through legitimate points of entry -- suggesting that a border wall wouldn't be much of a worry.

The prosecution's case against Guzman, a roughly 5 1/2-foot figure whose nickname translates to "Shorty," included the testimony of several turncoats and other witnesses. Among them were Guzman's former Sinaloa lieutenants, a computer encryption expert and a Colombian cocaine supplier who underwent extreme plastic surgery to disguise his appearance.


One Sinaloa insider described Mexican workers getting contact highs while packing cocaine into thousands of jalapeno cans -- shipments that totaled 25 to 30 tons of cocaine worth $500 million each year. Another testified how Guzman sometimes acted as his own sicario, or hitman, punishing a Sinaloan who dared to work for another cartel by kidnapping him, beating and shooting him and having his men bury the victim while he was still alive, gasping for air.

Guzman's lawyers did not deny his crimes as much as argue he was a fall guy for government witnesses who were more evil than he was.

Lichtman urged the jury in closing arguments not to believe government witnesses who "lie, steal, cheat, deal drugs and kill people."

Deliberations were complicated by the trial's vast scope. Jurors were tasked with making 53 decisions about whether prosecutors have proven different elements of the case.

The trial cast a harsh glare on the corruption that allowed the cartel to flourish. Colombian trafficker Alex Cifuentes caused a stir by testifying that former Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto took a $100 million bribe from Guzman. Pena Nieto denied it, but the allegation fit a theme: politicians, army commanders, police and prosecutors, all on the take.

The tension at times was cut by some of the trial's sideshows, such as the sight of Guzman and his wife, Emma Coronel Aispuro, showing up in matching burgundy velvet blazers in a gesture of solidarity. Another day, a Chapo-size actor who played the kingpin in the TV series "Narcos: Mexico" came to watch, telling reporters that seeing the defendant flash him a smile was "surreal."

While the trial was dominated by Guzman's persona as a near-mythical outlaw who carried a diamond-encrusted handgun and stayed one step ahead of the law, the jury never heard from Guzman himself, except when he told the judge he wouldn't testify.


But his sing-songy voice filled the courtroom, thanks to recordings of intercepted phone calls. "Amigo!" he said to a cartel distributor in Chicago. "Here at your service."

One of the trial's most memorable tales came from girlfriend Lucero Guadalupe Sanchez Lopez, who testified she was in bed in a safe house with an on-the-run Guzman in 2014 when Mexican marines started breaking down his door. She said Guzman led her to a trap door beneath a bathtub that opened up to a tunnel that allowed them to escape.

Asked what he was wearing, she replied: "He was naked. He took off running. He left us behind."

The defendant had previously escaped from jail by hiding in a laundry bin in 2001. He then got an escort from crooked police officers into Mexico City before retreating to one of his many mountainside hideaways. In 2014, he pulled off another jail break, escaping through a mile-long lighted tunnel on a motorcycle on rails.

Even when Guzman was recaptured in 2016 before his extradition to the United States, he was plotting another escape, prosecutor Andrea Goldbarg said in closing arguments.

"Why? Because he is guilty and he never wanted to be in a position where he would have to answer for his crimes," she told the jury. "He wanted to avoid sitting right there. In front of you."

(© Copyright 2019 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)

Amazon Pulls Out Of HQ2 Deal With New York City
newyork
February 14, 2019 / 11:31 PM EST / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- The controversial Amazon deal is dead, taking with it the 25,000 jobs promised for its proposed headquarters in Long Island City.

The internet giant issued a statement on Thursday saying it will not pursue a second headquarters in Long Island City, and has no plans to look elsewhere.

"After much thought and deliberation, we've decided not to move forward with our plans to build a headquarters for Amazon in Long Island City, Queens," read the statement. "For Amazon, the commitment to build a new headquarters requires positive, collaborative relationships with state and local elected officials who will be supportive over the long-term."

READ: Amazon's Full Statement On Backing Out Of The New York City Headquarters Plan

The deal was also expected to provide $30 billion in tax revenue after nearly $3 billion in promised tax breaks to one of world's richest, most powerful companies. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the development could help offset funding needed to fix the city's ailing transit system.


In November, Amazon chose the Long Island City section of Queens for one of two new headquarters, with the other in northern Virginia. The company had planned to spend about $2.5 billion building the New York office.

The reaction from lawmakers came fast and furious.

Cuomo, the top evangelizing champion of bringing Amazon to New York City, issued a statement condemning the deal's critics.

"We competed in and won the most hotly contested national economic development competition in the United States," Cuomo said. "However, a small group (of) politicians put their own narrow political interests above their community -- which poll after poll showed overwhelmingly supported bringing Amazon to Long Island City -- the state's economic future and the best interests of the people of this state.


"The New York State Senate has done tremendous damage," the governor added. "They should be held accountable for this lost economic opportunity."

READ: Gov. Cuomo Full Statement On The Collapse Of Amazon HQ Deal

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio released a statement chastising Amazon for not being "tough" enough to stand up to the deal's criticism, adding, "We gave Amazon the opportunity to be a good neighbor and do business in the greatest city in the world. Instead of working with the community, Amazon threw away that opportunity. We have the best talent in the world and every day we are growing a stronger and fairer economy for everyone. If Amazon can't recognize what that's worth, its competitors will."

De Blasio took another opportunity to blame the retail giant during an appearance at Harvard University.

"The company had the power to make the decision, not the politicians," he said. "I don't know how a company up and leaves without even an attempt to work out their concerns."

City Council Speaker Corey Johnson said the next big company that attempts to come to the Big Apple better be ready to work with all parties involved.

"I look forward to working with companies that understand that if you're willing to engage with New Yorkers and work through challenging issues New York City is the world's best place to do business," Johnson said. "I hope this is the start of a conversation about vulture capitalism and where our tax dollars are best spent. I know I'd choose mass transit over helipads any day."


Queens Councilman Jimmy Van Bramer, who ended up strongly against the deal after once signing a letter urging Amazon to come to New York, said he was thrilled by Thursday's news.

"When our community fights together, anything is possible, even when we're up against the biggest corporation in the world. I am proud that we fought for our values, which is a fight for working families, immigrants, and organized labor," Van Bramer said in a statement. ‪"Defeating an anti-union corporation that mistreats workers and assists ICE in terrorizing immigrant communities is a victory. Defeating an unprecedented act of corporate welfare is a triumph that should change the way we do economic development deals in our city and state forever."

Queens Lawmakers React To News Amazon Deal Is Dead 


On Twitter, newly elected Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez credited "dedicated, everyday New Yorkers & their neighbors" for defeating "Amazon's corporate greed, its worker exploitation, and the power of the richest man in the world."


"Amazon is paying $0 in taxes on $11+ billion in profit," she later tweeted. "$0 for schools. $0 for firefighters. $0 for infrastructure. $0 for research and healthcare. Why should corporations that contribute nothing to the pot be in a position to take billions from the public?"

Prominent Republicans were clearly not happy with Amazon's decision.

Long Island Rep. Peter King took to Twitter, writing, "This is one time I agree with @NYCMayor de Blasio and @NYGovCuomo. Loss of @Amazon is terrible for New York. All because progressives put sanctimony and ideological purity before workers and taxpayers. Sad day for New York."


Republican Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis, who represents Staten Island and Brooklyn, agreed.


"Nice going anti-capitalists. Taxpayers wanted a BETTER deal, not to KILL the deal," Malliotakis said. "Those elected officials who fought Amazon tooth and nail without flexibility just lost more than 25,000 good paying jobs for their constituents and the people of New York City."

Word that Amazon had been reconsidering the controversial deal came after opposition by local lawmakers and scrutiny from the City Council.

Queens state Sen. Michael Gianaris, a vocal opponent who had said the deal should die, was nominated by Senate Democrats to head a state board that has the power to kill the project.

MORE: State Senate Democrats Deal Potential Blow To Amazon Deal

Cuomo lured Amazon to Long Island City with around $3 billion in tax breaks. He had furiously defended the tax breaks as justified to gain Amazon's 25,000 jobs. The governor said he believed that translated into $30 billion in revenue from Amazon in exchange for $3 billion in incentives.

"The State Senate is trying to stop Amazon from coming to Queens. Amazon is the largest economic development program that the state has ever won. It was a national competition where states all across the nation were vying for Amazon. There's not business that brings 25,000 jobs anymore, they don't exist," Cuomo said recently. "If Amazon does not come to New York, it's because of the political opposition. Because it is so ironic for Amazon after they spent one year with everyone seducing them and everyone courting them… we win and then there's political opposition."

MORE: With Amazon Move To NYC In Question, Critics Go Door-To-Door To End The Deal


Van Bramer earlier took de Blasio and Cuomo to task for how they handled the Amazon overture.

"What the mayor and governor did here was negotiate in secret a really bad deal for New York," Van Bramer said.

At issue for Van Bramer and those who oppose the deal was the $2.8 billion incentive package offered to Amazon to come to Long Island City.

"This deal also bypassed the City Council and community review process. None of those things were acceptable," Van Bramer said.

MORE: Gianaris Speaks Out On Pending Amazon Deal For NYC HQ

Expert: Amazon's Reversal On NYC HQ Plans 'An Enormous Surprise' 


Back in December, protesters shouted out at the first public oversight hearing where Amazon executives were grilled.


"Amazon won't receive any incentives until we create jobs and occupy buildings here," Amazon's Brian Huseman said at that hearing.

Cuomo called state Senate opposition to the deal "governmental malpractice."

"And if they stop Amazon from coming to New York, they're going to have the people of New York state to explain it to them. It is irresponsible to allow political opposition to overcome sound government policy… you're not there to play politics, you're there to do what's right for the people of the state of New York, and what they did here was wrong," Cuomo said.

Gianaris, who represents Long Island City where Amazon wanted to build a new campus, wanted the deal nixed.

"Some people say that money only goes if jobs are created, but that's not entirely true. Half a billion dollars of that is a cash grant to them outright. You're telling me we couldn't use $500 million to help the subway system right now?" Gianaris said in an interview on CBSN New York.

"I definitely think this deal should be stopped," he said. "The deal that was constructed is so bad I do not believe it can form the basis of a negotiation."

So what now for the future of Long Island City?


"Everyone in New York City is a loser now, because we lost these good paying jobs and unfortunately our reputation as someone who is welcoming of business as well," Malliotakis said.

Amazon says for now, they're not searching for a new headquarters location. On Thursday, the Chicago mayor and Illinois governor sent a letter to Amazon saying the company is still welcome in the Windy City.

Highly-Anticipated Hudson Yards Development Officially Opens To The Public
newyork
March 15, 2019 / 11:17 PM EDT / CBS New York


Complete Coverage:

New York City's New Treasure
Life Of Luxury At Hudson Yards
Something For Everyone: Shops, Restaurants
'Vessel,' 'The Shed,' Sky-High Observation Deck
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – After 10 years in the making, the Hudson Yards development is officially open to the public.

Anderson Cooper and Andra Day were joined by choirs, Broadway stars, athletes, even Big Bird for the grand opening Friday.

Full Video: Hudson Yards Grand Opening Ceremony 


"Today, we are a new neighborhood where the West Side all comes together. Today, we created a new model for the world to see a neighborhood development that encourages sustainability and resiliency. Today, we created a dynamic hub of creativity and innovation. Today, once again, we showed that New York will always be the greatest city in the world," Related Companies CEO Stephen Ross told the crowd.


Hudson Yards is the most expensive private real estate project in U.S. history, featuring more than 100 stores, restaurants and luxury condos. It's the city's largest development since Rockefeller Center.


The sprawling complex that sits on top of a Long Island Rail Road yard was six years in the making since they first broke ground.

"It was a little bit like open heart surgery, swinging steel and really working with the railroad," said Hudson Yards President Jay Cross. "There was a lot of structural gymnastics."

Web Extra: CBSN New York's Alice Gainer Tours The 'Vessel' Within Hudson Yards


It's a place where New Yorkers can work, live and play, with 18 million square feet of commercial and residential space.


"We're not just selling a building," Senior Vice President Sherry Tobak said. "The reason why people are living here is because of the lifestyle."

And with that......#HudsonYards is open @CBSNewYork pic.twitter.com/ByWXxBuNxH

— Alice Gainer (@GainerTV) March 15, 2019
Condos start at $3 million and range up to $32 million, but there will be 1,100 units of affordable housing.

The neighborhood is expected to generate new jobs and opportunities for New Yorkers with 100 shops, dozens more restaurants, 14 acres of gardens and parks, and even a performing arts center, called "The Shed," which has a retractable roof. There's also "Vessel," a 150-foot structure the public can visit and climb.

Absent from Friday's festivities was Mayor Bill de Blasio. The project was initiated by former mayor Michael Bloomberg.

For a chance to check out the Vessel, click here.

Measles State Of Emergency Bans Unvaccinated Children From Public Spaces In Rockland County
newyork
March 27, 2019 / 8:50 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW CITY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – A state of emergency is now in effect in Rockland County as officials attempt to contain a measles outbreak.

A ban went into effect overnight prohibiting unvaccinated children from public spaces.

Anyone under the age of 18 who has not been vaccinated for measles will not be allowed in places like shops, restaurants, schools and houses of worship for the next 30 days – or until they get their shots.

"This is a public health crisis, and it is time to sound the alarm and take the appropriate action," Rockland County Executive Ed Day said Tuesday. "You need to be responsible for your children, you need to do the right thing for your community."

Watch: Rockland County Officials Declare Measles State Of Emergency


There have been 153 confirmed measles cases across the county in the past six months.

"It's your responsibility for yourself, for your family, and for your friends and neighbors to do the right thing and get the required vaccines," said Yossi Gestener, with the Orthodox Jewish Public Affairs Council.

CBS2 asked Gestener if there is a religious reason not to vaccinate.

"It's a bologna excuse by some people," he said. "There are always people who think that they know better, that they understand better, and they make unilateral decisions, which obviously is reckless to do when it involves other people."

Web Extra: Read the State of Emergency Declaration (.pdf)

Warning signs about the ban have gone up around the area. The goal is to keep the unvaccinated from encountering the measles virus, which can live for hours on hard surfaces.

"The focus is not arrest and put people in jail," said Day. "The purpose of this is to have people comply with the law and comply with the vaccinations."

The department of health is offering free vaccinations Wednesday afternoon.

For more information, click here. Learn more about the measles here.

New York State Budget: Congestion Pricing Coming To Manhattan
newyork
March 31, 2019 / 11:48 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- It has worked in cities like London and Singapore and state lawmakers are hoping congestion pricing will decrease traffic in New York City, too.

CBS2's Hazel Sanchez found out what Sunday's historic news means for drivers.

Big Apple subway and buses will soon be getting some much-needed improvements at the expense of drivers heading into Manhattan.

"I think it's a good idea," one New Yorker said Sunday. "Every day it's very, very (bad) traffic, so I think it can be better." 


Motorists entering Midtown Manhattan below 60th Street will be charged a toll, which is anticipated to raise more than $1 billion a year for the city's ailing public transit system. A panel of experts will set the surcharges by the end of 2020, but sources told CBS2 drivers in cars will pay around $11.50 and truck drivers around $25.

"I work in Manhattan a lot and I don't mind paying for it to get in there and if it helps congestion, even better," Long Island resident Ed Crescimanni said.

Congestion pricing will be an added hardship for Charles Alvarez, who lives in the toll zone but needs to visit his mother in a Queens nursing home.

"That's crazy. I can't imagine doing that. But I have to see my mother and it's something that would greatly impact me," Alvarez said.

MORE: Gov. Cuomo Proud Of State Budget, Calling It "Probably The Strongest Progressive Statement That We've Made"

Traffic expert Sam Schwartz told CBS2 he thinks the system will make difference.

"The bottom line is the city is a competitive city. It is a world city. We can't have a world city if our transit system is running 65 percent on time and our traffic is moving at 4.7 mph. This will get us back in the ball game to be a world-class city."

It's important to note that drivers will not be charged the toll more than once per day and the FDR and West Side highways will not be included.


New York State Budget: Congestion Pricing Coming To Manhattan
newyork
March 31, 2019 / 11:48 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- It has worked in cities like London and Singapore and state lawmakers are hoping congestion pricing will decrease traffic in New York City, too.

CBS2's Hazel Sanchez found out what Sunday's historic news means for drivers.

Big Apple subway and buses will soon be getting some much-needed improvements at the expense of drivers heading into Manhattan.

"I think it's a good idea," one New Yorker said Sunday. "Every day it's very, very (bad) traffic, so I think it can be better." 


Motorists entering Midtown Manhattan below 60th Street will be charged a toll, which is anticipated to raise more than $1 billion a year for the city's ailing public transit system. A panel of experts will set the surcharges by the end of 2020, but sources told CBS2 drivers in cars will pay around $11.50 and truck drivers around $25.

"I work in Manhattan a lot and I don't mind paying for it to get in there and if it helps congestion, even better," Long Island resident Ed Crescimanni said.

Congestion pricing will be an added hardship for Charles Alvarez, who lives in the toll zone but needs to visit his mother in a Queens nursing home.

"That's crazy. I can't imagine doing that. But I have to see my mother and it's something that would greatly impact me," Alvarez said.

MORE: Gov. Cuomo Proud Of State Budget, Calling It "Probably The Strongest Progressive Statement That We've Made"


Traffic expert Sam Schwartz told CBS2 he thinks the system will make difference.

"The bottom line is the city is a competitive city. It is a world city. We can't have a world city if our transit system is running 65 percent on time and our traffic is moving at 4.7 mph. This will get us back in the ball game to be a world-class city."

It's important to note that drivers will not be charged the toll more than once per day and the FDR and West Side highways will not be included.

Special Needs Drum Corps To Make History By Competing At World Championships
newyork
April 19, 2019 / 2:55 PM EDT / CBS New York


OLD BETHPAGE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) - A special needs drum corps from Long Island has been invited to perform and compete and the world championships in Williamsport, Penn.

UPDATE: Special Needs Drum Corps From Long Island Gives History-Making Performance At World Championships

Hard work is paying off on Long Island. A group of musicians are proving that no matter what your abilities, you can accomplish anything you set your mind to, reported CBSN New York's John Dias.

PHOTOS: FREE Players Drum & Bugle Corps Rehearsal

The group FREE Players Drum & Bugle Corps is made up entirely of individuals with different abilities. Friday, they found out they're making history.

00:00

02:00
See More



They've been selected to perform and compete at the prestigious Drum Corps Associates World Championships.

Their performance will be the first time a special needs drum and bugle corps has been selected to perform and compete at the DCA Word Championships. Some of them will also perform solos.


All of them are part of the theater day-program at the non-profit Family Residences and Essential Enterprises, also known as FREE. They rehearse once a week at their Old Bethpage center together, but many told Dias they practice at home by themselves every day.

The team also performs in parades and other competitions across the country.

The championship will take place Labor Day weekend. They've started a GoFundMe to help raise money for the trip. To help out, click here.

NYC Says Considerable Changes Are Coming To 14th Street During L Train Construction
newyork
April 24, 2019 / 6:19 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- The city is embarking on a dramatic plan to redesign 14th Street, closing it to through-street traffic during the "L" train repairs, and possibly permanently.

But as CBS2's Marcia Kramer discovered Wednesday, a lot of the details of the plan still need to be worked out.

MORE: With L Train Line Work Starting Friday, Commuters, Residents Concerned About City's Plans For 14th Street

It's not going to be your mother's 14th Street anymore. From Third to Ninth avenues it will morph into something city officials call a "TTP" -- a transit/truck priority. It means private cars can pretty much fuggedaboutit. They're banned. They can only venture into the area for a block or so to pick up, drop off or park in a garage. If you overstay your welcome, it'll cost ya.

14th Street plan 
(Photo: CBS2)
If there's a ticket, how much will it cost?

"I think it will depend on what it is. I think violating the bus lane ticket is $115," Department of Transportation Commissioner Polly Trottenberg said.

"If the NYPD issues a moving violation in a bus lane it's $150," Deputy Commissioner Eric Beaten added.

MORE: MTA Offering More Options For L Train Riders As Service Slowdown Starts This Week

Under the plan, which was originally developed to to deal with the L train shutdown, which was canceled by Gov. Andrew Cuomo in favor of night and weekend work, the street redesign will consist of four lanes, two in each direction. The center lanes are for buses, trucks and emergency vehicles. The curbside lanes are for trucks loading and local traffic pick-ups, drop-offs and garage access.

Businesses along the corridor fear the loss of parking will kill their sales. Eddie Kent, who sells eyeglasses and hearing aids, fears it will mean the end of his 60-year-old business.

"We want to stay and we want to help New York, so we're hoping that the city understands the small business concerns," Kent said.

Elissa Stein of the 14th Street Coalition said side streets will become more congested. She lives on 12th Street, which is now down to one traffic lane because of a bike lane. And when an oil truck stopped to make a delivery on Wednesday cars had no choice but to use to the bike lane.

Stein said the city ignored community concerns.

"I am furious. We are furious. The people in the neighborhood know that the commuters have supplanted the community," Stein said. "And that the city gave in to bullying."

MORE: With L Train Slowdown Looming, MTA Urging Riders To Find Different Routes

Alma Pereira-Singelterry, a retired Metropolitan Transportation Authority bus driver, drove the 14th Street route for years.

"I feel bad for the public, but they need the buses to get going and I think it's a good thing to have the buses rolling without any traffic in here," Pereira-Singelterry said.

Trottenberg admitted there is a lot still to be worked out, like what hours the car ban will be in effect. Right now, it's 5 a.m. to 10 p.m., but that could change.

By the way, City Hall officials told Kramer that if the 14th Street plan is successful it could be coming to a neighborhood near you.

'Gut Wrenching': Family Of 6, Including 4 Children, Killed In Harlem Apartment Blaze
newyork
May 8, 2019 / 11:40 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- A family of six, including four children, lost their lives in a fire early Wednesday morning in Harlem.

The tragedy may have been caused by missing batteries in a smoke detector. NYCHA says the building's smoke detectors were last inspected in January, and found to be working properly.

Flames broke out around 1:40 a.m. inside apartment 5G at the Frederick Samuel Houses on Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and 142nd Street.


The FDNY released video of the aftermath of the inferno in the apartment. Another video taken by a neighbor shows a firefighter facing down massive flames that stood between rescuers and the six family members who perished inside.

"Units were met at the door of that apartment with fire. The entire apartment was involved," FDNY Commissioner Daniel Nigro told reporters. "(Firefighters) aggressively moved in, extinguishing the fire. As they did, when they reached the two rear bedrooms, we found six occupants of that apartment deceased."

Web Extra: Mayor De Blasio, FDNY & NYCHA Provide Update On Fatal Harlem Fire


Authorities identified the victims as 45-year-old mother Andrea Pollidore, four children under the age of 11, and her 32-year-old stepson. Three other residents suffered minor smoke inhalation.

00:00

02:00
See More



"We're in the business of saving lives, and in this instance we were not able to, and it's very difficult for our members to deal with this loss also. But right now our hearts are with these poor people and their friends and family," said Nigro.

Harlem-fire-victim-Andrea-Pollidores 
Harlem fire victim, 45-year-old Andrea Pollidores, was killed along with four kids and one adult early Wednesday morning.
Raven Reyes, the family's 27-year-old daughter who lives elsewhere, spoke about the loss of nearly her entire family.

"I really just can't believe this happened," she said. "I just want them to know I love them so much."

Reyes lost her mom, stepbrother, and four young siblings. The oldest of whom was 11, the youngest only 3 years old.

"My brothers and sisters, even my step-brother passed away. They were all good people," she said. "My little brothers and sisters, they just were perfect. Amazing. They were amazing, no matter what the circumstances, you know."

Web Extra: FDNY Commissioner Daniel Nigro Discusses Fatal Harlem Fire


Mayor Bill de Blasio called the family's death a "gut-wrenching moment for all of us."

"As a father, just thinking about, you know, yesterday evening four children went to bed and they're gone now. It's very, very painful," de Blasio said during a midday news conference. "We obviously need to know everything that happened with it, but most importantly, our hearts and our prayers need to be with this family."

Jean Belot, the father of the youngest victim Elijah, showed CBS2's Dave Carlin a father-and-son moment caught on video.

"He was smart and a quick learner and that's all, and that's pretty much all I have to say for now," he said. 


Neighbor Patricia Flowers, who lives on the same floor as the family, told Carlin she last spoke with the kids as they were on their way outside with their bicycles.

"The kids was really vibrant and happy kids. I was just with them yesterday, and they are very good kids and the mom, she took very good care of her kids," she said.

Nigro said it appears the fire started on the stove, and there's no indication that it was suspicious. The kitchen is located near the front door, and the commissioner said the layout of the apartment left the victims with nowhere to run.

"The fire escapes from this apartment are on the side of that apartment opposite from the bedrooms. So, they were unable to get to either the door of their apartment or the windows that are on the fire escape." he said.


"If there was a fire, there you would be walking into the fire if you were trying to get through the front door," said building tenant Claudette Grant.

The building is owned by the New York City Housing Authority. Interim Chair Kathryn Garcia said a combination smoke alarm-carbon monoxide detector was installed in the unit in June 2017 and tested this January.

FDNY Investigating If Smoke Detectors Worked In NYCHA Apartment Where Family Died In Blaze


Sources say it's possible it may have been tampered with. The FDNY is investigating whether the mother or anyone else removed the batteries.


"If she disconnected the smoke detector - we don't know that yet - and a NYCHA worker was in the apartment and didn't report the smoke detector not working, then NYCHA bares some of the blame for what happened," said Mark Peters, CBS2's urban affairs expert.

A candlelight vigil honoring the victims was held at 7 p.m.

Conn. State Police Search For Jennifer Dulos, Missing Mother Of 5 From New Canaan
newyork
May 29, 2019 / 11:05 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW CANAAN, Conn. (CBSNewYork) – A desperate search is underway for a missing woman in Connecticut.

Jennifer Dulos, 50, was last seen last Friday in New Canaan.


A New York State Police helicopter took off from the grass in Waveny Park, helping Connecticut authorities search for Dulos. The police are searching a tranquil park in the New Canaan for her.

NY State Police chopper just landed at #WavenyPark where CT police are searching for missing #NewCanaan woman @CBSNewYork pic.twitter.com/7aM9iGL6cc

— Andrea Grymes (@AndreaGrymesTV) May 29, 2019
"A large police presence I noticed on the way in," said park goer Elizabeth Chatsworth. "Terrible all around. I hope they find her safe and sound.

WEB EXTRA: Timeline Of Investigation Into Jennifer Dulos's Disappearance

Police believe she was driving a 2017 black Chevrolet Suburban to drop off her kids at school last Friday. Later that night, investigators say they found the empty car near Waveny Park.

00:00

02:00
See More




Police would not comment on published reports that the 50-year-old mom was in a bitter custody battle since filing for divorce from her husband in 2017.

Investigators say, as with any missing persons case, they're also trying to determine if she's a victim of foul play.

Her family and friends released a statement saying in part "Those who know Jennifer know her to be a devoted mother; an extremely thoughtful, reliable, and organized woman; and can attest that she would never, ever disappear when she is responsible for the lives of five loving and energetic children."

Statement from the Family and Friends of Jennifer Farber Dulos


Since learning of the disappearance of Jennifer Farber Dulos, our beloved daughter, mother, sister, cousin, aunt, and friend, we have been heartbroken; at the same time, we are moved and inspired by the support, assistance, concern, and love extended by so many.

We remain hopeful that Jennifer will be found soon, and we urge anyone with information, however seemingly insignificant, to call the New Canaan Police Tip Line at 203-594-3544. Jennifer was last seen in New Canaan, the morning of Friday, May 24, 2019, operating a black 2017 Chevy Suburban. Jennifer is 50 years of age, very slender, 5'7", with a soft voice, dark brown eyes, and shoulder-length brown hair. 

Those who know Jennifer know her to be a devoted mother; an extremely thoughtful, reliable, and organized woman; and attest that she would never, ever, disappear when she is responsible for the lives of five loving and energetic children. Jennifer is gentle, kind, intelligent, and funny, and above all she prioritizes the health and happiness of her children. She and the children have been embraced by the New Canaan Country School community, where they have made good friends and are active in athletics and arts.

Before living in New Canaan, Jennifer and her family resided in Farmington, where she was a beloved class parent among the Renbrook School community. We are touched by the outpouring of support from friends and colleagues in Farmington, Avon, and West Hartford.

We express our sincere thanks to the law enforcement officers in both New Canaan and the Connecticut State Police. We are also deeply grateful to the New Canaan Country School for their incredible outpouring of support and care during this extremely difficult time.

Please join us in seeking Jennifer's safe return as soon as possible. Again, do not hesitate to share any information, however small, with the New Canaan Police Tip Line at 203-594-3544. 

They say she and her family used to live in Farmington, Conn., before moving 70 miles south to New Canaan.

At their home earlier Wednesday, a lone police car sat in the driveway. In town, locals hope investigators quickly find her.

"These things don't happen around here, right? That's what's striking," Darien resident Racheal Palacios told CBS2's Andrea Grymes.

"I think it's tragic," said Anne Marie Oh of Wilton, Conn. "They said she's been missing since Friday, so that's not a good sign."

Loved ones call Dulos a beloved daughter, mother, sister, cousin, aunt and friend, and they remain hopeful she'll be found soon.

Anyone who had contact with her on Friday or has information about her disappearance is asked to call the New Canaan Police Tip Line at 203-594-3544.

More from CBS News

Helicopter Crash-Lands On Top Of Building In Midtown, 1 Dead
newyork
June 10, 2019 / 11:36 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- A helicopter crashed on top of a building in Midtown on Monday afternoon.

It happened at around 1:43 p.m., according to FDNY Commissioner Daniel Nigro.

The helicopter was flying in restricted air space and in rain and fog when it crashed.

tim mccormack 
(Credit: Facebook)
PHOTOS: Midtown Helicopter Crash

More than 100 emergency responders rushed to the scene at 787 Seventh Ave. between 51st and 52nd Streets. The building is 54 stories tall.

The pilot, identified as Tim McCormack, was killed. The East Clinton, New York, Volunteer Fire Department said he served as chief there for 10 years. Before joining the East Clinton VFD, he was a member of the LaGrange Fire Department. With 15 years of experience flying helicopters and single-engine airplanes, he was certified as a flight instructor last year, according to Federal Aviation Administration records.

00:00

02:00
See More



McCormack radioed before the crash that he was in trouble, sources told CBS2. Paul Dudley, the airport manager in Linden, N.J., where the helicopter flew out of, said, "McCormack is an experienced pilot and very well respected in the aircraft community," adding he worked for an executive and was flying his helicopter at the time of the crash.

Dudley said he assumes that there was a mechanical or weather-related issue and that McCormack was trying to land on top of the building to spare the people on the ground, CBS2's Lisa Rozner reported.

There is no helipad on top of the building's roof.

Midtown Helicopter Crash 
This is the helicopter that crashed in Midtown on June 10, 2019. (credit: Amiaga.com)
The FAA said the aircraft was an Agusta A109E helicopter and the NTSB will investigate the cause of crash. FAA air traffic controllers "did not handle the flight." The helicopter was registered to American Continental Properties, LLC.

That model helicopter, which is used for executive travel, was flying in a restricted flight area when it crashed. Mayor Bill de Blasio said officials were investigating whether or not the chopper had received approval from flight controllers to go into the restricted zone.

The building was evacuated.

"There was a shake and then a noise and then we just evacuated," one man said. "That was about it. We just heard the ground shake, like it was an earthquake and then we went back to business. Then we got the notice to evacuate."

"You could smell smoke. Not heavy smoke, but the smell of what I describe -- burnt construction material started to come downstairs," another man said.

"We had a very strange, very troubling incident this afternoon here in Manhattan," Mayor de Blasio said.

De Blasio emphasized that "there is no indication at this time that this was an act of terror and there is no ongoing threat to New York City based on all the information that we have right now."

WEB EXTRA: Mayor de Blasio, Officials Discuss Midtown Helicopter Crash:


"We do not know the cause of this incident," de Blasio said. "This could've been a much worse incident, and thank God that no other people were injured in this absolutely shocking, stunning incident."

De Blasio praised the "extraordinary effort" of the first responders.

Nigro said firefighters were on the scene of the crash about four minutes after receiving the 911 call of the crash. They deployed special hoses and pumps to get water from over 700 feet below to fight the fire.

"We were able to put water on the fire quite quickly. Unfortunately, we did find a victim with the helicopter, who, as the mayor stated, we presume is the pilot," Nigro said.


"What we know is that at approximately 1:32 this afternoon, the helicopter took off from the 34th Street heliport and about 11 minutes later crashed on the roof," Police Commissioner James O'Neill said. That heliport is located on Manhattan's East Side. Officials believe - but have not confirmed - the helicopter may have been attempting to return to its home base in Linden, New Jersey, which is why it may have been crossing Manhattan.

O'Neill said he was "not sure" yet why the helicopter was flying in wet and foggy weather.

Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who happened to be at an event nearby and got to the scene quickly, said that a helicopter made a "forced" or "emergency" landing on top of the building. Officials later described the incident as a "hard landing" at a high rate of speed.

WEB EXTRA: Gov. Cuomo On Midtown Helicopter Crash:


"The preliminary information is that there was a helicopter that made a forced landing, an emergency landing or landed on the roof of the building for one reason or another. There was a fire that happened when the helicopter hit the roof. People who were in the building said they felt the building shake. The fire department believes the fire is under control. There may have been casualties involved in people in the helicopter," Cuomo said. "We don't know what caused the helicopter to land on top of the building but people in the building itself, nobody has been hurt."

The damage was primarily contained to the building's roof. In the midst of the chaos and confusion, Nicholas Estevez found a sharp piece of debris in the rain on the street below, CBS2's Ali Bauman reported.

"I saw people running like crazy out of the building and people running everywhere," he said.

"If you're a New Yorker you have a level of PTSD from 9/11 and I remember that morning all too well. So as soon as you hear an aircraft hit a building, I think my mind goes where every New Yorker's mind goes," Cuomo said.

MORE: New Yorkers' 9/11 "PTSD" Tested By Skyscraper Chopper Crash


West 50th Street-West 52nd Street between Sixth and Seventh Avenues was closed to vehicles and pedestrians, the NYPD said. Other streets near the crash site were closed but later reopened.

President Donald Trump tweeted praise for first responders, saying they did "phenomenal job," adding "The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all."

Criminals Turning NYC Into Wild West, 7 People Struck By Stray Bullets As June Shootings Spike
newyork
June 12, 2019 / 11:27 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – New York City is quickly turning into the wild west this summer, as a rash of shootings across the five boroughs has left several innocent bystanders with bullet wounds.

CBS2 has learned that, this month alone, seven people have been struck by stray bullets in six different incidents in the city. The most recent was Wednesday morning.

There were four incidents last week across New York City:

June 4 – A 15-year-old girl was shot in thigh while sitting on a bench on a basketball court in Bushwick.
June 5 – A seven-year-old Bronx boy was shot in the leg while walking home from school with his grandmother.
June 5 – Two elderly women were shot while sitting in their Queens home at 11:45 p.m. Both survived.
June 7 – An East Harlem woman was shot in arm at 102nd Street and Madison Ave.
As bullets flew through a Bronx neighborhood, one hit a car - piercing the windshield. More importantly, an innocent woman got shot on a street she's walked on for years.

0612bullethole 
(Credit: CBS2)
"I can't believe it's me right now," Angela Saltarelli said.

It happened on a block in the Bronx where parents push strollers and children enjoy their local playground. The stray bullet left Saltarelli's arm gushing with blood.

0612armwound 
Angela Saltarelli's bullet wound. (Credit: CBS2)
"I looked down and I'm like 'oh my god, oh my god, I'm shot, I'm shot!'"

Wearing a bandage and her hospital ankle bracelet, the 39-year-old told CBS2's Jessica Layton she got caught in the crossfire of a fight as she walked to work Wednesday morning on Williamsbridge Road.

Witnesses nearby wrapped her arm and rushed her to a local hospital. Angela is the second victim of random gunfire in the city just this week.

"My husband was an innocent person that died," Terry Solomon said.

Hamilton-Heights-homicide-victim 
Winston McKay, 40, was fatally shot by a stray bullet on June 10 in Hamilton Heights.
Solomon is still crushed and confused over the loss of his partner of 18 years. While walking their dog Monday morning, Winston McKay unknowingly walked into a fight and was shot in the leg near his home in Hamilton Heights.

MORE: NYPD: Surveillance Video Shows Gunman Who Killed Innocent Bystander Walking His Dog In Hamilton Heights

Police released disturbing surveillance video of a suspect in a hooded sweatshirt appearing to point his rifle toward his intended target before shooting the 40-year-old man who was just minding his own business.

Hamilton Heights Shooting Suspect 
Police say this man is wanted for shooting and killing Winston McKay. (credit: CBS2)
"Innocent people are dying out here for what? Because you're arguing with somebody that you can't just walk away from?" Solomon said.

The suspects in both crimes are still on the run. While Solomon struggles with the pain of losing a loved one, Saltarelli is grateful her wound will eventually heal.

"I have to be strong and have to get back out there, I can't let this stop me from living my life," Saltarelli said.

Police told CBS2 that they have surveillance video from both incidents. They hope it will lead them to their suspects.

Anyone with information about these incidents is asked to call NYPD's Crime Stoppers hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or 1-888-57-PISTA (74782) for Spanish. You can also submit a tip via the Crime Stoppers website, by Tweeting @NYPDTips or by texting a tip to 274637 (CRIMES) and then entering TIP577.

5 Defendants Found Guilty On All Counts In 'Justice For Junior' Trial
newyork
June 14, 2019 / 11:20 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) - Five people were found guilty in the mistaken identity murder of the teenager known as Junior.

A jury found all five of them guilty on all counts in the "Justice for Junior" trial, including first degree murder and gang assault.

Justice-for-Junior-first-trial-five-suspects 
Five of 14 men charged with murdering 15-year-old Lesandro "Junior" Guzman-Feliz last summer in the Bronx. (Photo via CBS2)
Friday marked the end of a grueling year-long legal process.

The five Trinitarios gang members were found guilty of brutally stabbing Lesandro "Junior" Guzman-Feliz outside a Bronx bodega on June 20.

Prosecutors say Junior "fought like hell" to escape his killers, who though he was part of the rival Sunset gang.

He ran to St. Barnabas Hospital but collapsed and died before getting help.

During deliberations, jurors asked to rewatch graphic surveillance video showing the moment of the attack as Junior was repeatedly stabbed to death, and to rehear testimony alleging the murder was planned to target a member of a rival gang.

Junior's parents watched the verdict come in from a room upstairs in the courthouse, after graphic testimony and video sparking several emotional outbursts from Junior's mother Leandra.

Friday, she said she finds a sliver of comfort.

Web Extra: Bronx DA, Junior's Mother Speak After Verdict


"I'm not going to have my son back. But those killers, those murderers, they were going to be outside killing another kid," Junior's mother Leandra Feliz said. "My son was a good kid. He only was 15 years old. He was doing the best in the school at the time when that tragedy happened. He was in the [NYPD] Explorers program. He was a really good kid. He never been into any problem in his life until those killers murdered my son."

"The message going through to the people, see what happened to those killers," she said. "If they continue to do violence in the city, they're going to get the same thing."

"The verdicts bring justice to Junior Guzman-Feliz. We hope the verdicts bring closure to the family after so much pain," said Bronx DA Darcel Clark. "Junior came to symbolize all of the young people who have lost their lives to brutal gang violence. Today's verdict fortifies the Bronx community's stand against violence."

After the jury read the verdict, Manuel Rivera, one of the defendants, yelled out in court "until death."

Murder 1 comes with a mandatory sentence of life in prison. Sentencing is set for July 16.

Nine other suspects are also accused of taking part in the assault. Those nine will be tried at a later date.

NYC Cyclist Deaths: Mayor Bill De Blasio 'Taking Action' After 14th Person Killed This Year
newyork
July 1, 2019 / 9:00 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- Mayor Bill de Blasio has ordered the NYPD to crack down on dangerous drivers after another bicyclist was killed in a collision Monday.

We're only halfway through 2019 and, so far, twice as many cyclists have died in accidents than all of last year, CBS2's Ali Bauman reports.

The mayor released the following statement Monday evening:

"We are seeing a dangerous surge in cyclist deaths on our streets, and we are taking action. I have directed the NYPD to immediately launch a major enforcement action that will encompass every precinct and crack down on dangerous driving behavior like parking in bike lanes. At the same time, I have charged the Department of Transportation with developing a new cyclist safety plan to make biking in our city safer. No loss of life on our streets is acceptable. Last year was the safest year on record—and we have to keep pushing the envelope and increasing our efforts until we achieve Vision Zero."

The most recent incident happened Monday afternoon when 28-year-old Devra Freelander was struck and killed by a cement truck in Brooklyn. Investigators say the truck had the green light at the intersection of Boerum Street and Bushwick Avenue in Williamsburg when it collided with Freelander.

"He said it wasn't his fault because the girl was crossing from the sidewalk and he has the green light for him to pass, and the girl went into the truck, slid in the middle and she got hit by the rear tires," witness Jammam Yafai said.

The truck driver stayed at the scene. No charges have been filed.

Hours later, cycling advocates rallied in Brownsville, where 57-year-old cyclist Ernest Askew was hit and killed by a car last week.

"He was a beautiful person," the victim's aunt said.

"I would like to say to our mayor, as he does what he's doing around the country, that he needs to pay attention right now because we're having an epidemic that cannot be explained," cycling advocate Courtney Williams said.

"This is just egregious inaction from my city officials. People are dying," one man said.

The NYPD says 14 cyclists have died in accidents across the city so far in 2019, compared to seven deaths overall in 2018.

Just last week, 20-year-old Robyn Hightman was killed after colliding with a truck in Chelsea while riding her bike. That driver was issued summonses but was not arrested.

"We need to look at the redesigns of streets," Eric Adams, Brooklyn borough president, said.

"We need to make sure that we're encouraging drivers to think about, when they're making turns, think about bicyclists," councilwoman Alicka Ampry-Samuels said.

But some drivers argue cyclists can be just as reckless.

"You make a left, a right, sometimes the bike comes so fast," Juan Alvarado said. "Some people is riding like the bike is like a car."

"The bikers are in the twilight zone. You ever watch a biker drive by? He doesn't see you. He's listening to his music," Tony Schatzie said. "The bikers, they're just as bad as the people who drive the cars."

The city transportation department tells CBS2 it will be redoubling Vision Zero efforts and plans to add more bike lanes around the city.

"Vision Zero cannot be a bumper sticker. It has to be a reality," Adams said.

The city says it will release details for the new cyclist safety plan later this month.

NYC Blackout: Electricity Restored Hours After Outage Hits Midtown, Times Square, Other Sections Of Manhattan
newyork
July 13, 2019 / 11:57 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Power has been restored after a large outage struck Midtown, Times Square, Hell's Kitchen, and other parts of Upper Manhattan.

CBS2 began to hear reports that that all restaurants had gone dark in Hell's Kitchen around 7 p.m. Saturday evening - 42 years to the day after the famous 1977 blackout in New York City.

By midnight, just under five hours after thousands lost power, electricity was fully restored throughout the city.


At around 10 p.m. Saturday night, CBS2 began to receive multiple reports that lights have begun to come back on around Midtown. CBS2's Alice Gainer was near Columbus Circle as traffic lights began to come online. Power was also restored to the CBS2 studios, which had also been affected by the outage.

City Council Speaker Corey Johnson tweeted shortly after 10 p.m. to say that Con Edison is working to have all six sections of Manhattan that were affected restored by midnight.


During a press conference with the city's Office of Emergency Management and officials from Con Edison, authorities said 73,000 customers had lost power due to the outage. Loud cheers rang out as power was restored to another of the darkened sections - bringing five of the six back online at that point.

00:00

02:00
See More



WEB EXTRA - OEM and Con Edison officials provide the latest details on the Manhattan outage as power begins to be restored: 


OEM officials said the root cause of the blackout is not yet known, but it was not due to extensive power use on the hot summer day. Authorities do not expect any more outages throughout the night.

PHOTOS: Massive Power Outage Hits Parts Of Manhattan

The FDNY earlier reported that they are receiving calls from residents without power in the West 40s all the way north to 72nd Street and from Fifth Avenue west to the Hudson River.


Police and fire department sources tell CBS2 that the cause of the failure appears to be a feeder cable problem below ground at 64th Street and West End Ave. A transformer fire at that location may be to blame for the massive outage.

Mayor de Blasio tweeted just after 8:20 p.m. - saying that both police and fire officials were responding to the affected area and that the "disruption is significant."

The mayor then spoke with CBS2's Jessica Moore live from the presidential campaign trail in Iowa and addressed the ongoing emergency:


Fortunately, the mayor said that first responders have not received an reports of injuries due to the blackout. De Blasio is also reportedly returning to New York City Saturday night to deal with the crisis; pausing his latest 2020 fundraising trip out of state.

The power outage struck on the same day, July 13, as the 1977 blackout. That outage happened when lightning struck electrical equipment resulting in a blackout that lasted 25 hours. The darkness was filled with thousands of crimes, but only one homicide.

Authorities say there is no indication of intentional sabotage or an act of terrorism involved with the blackout.

The FDNY said they had to prioritize life threatening and public safety emergency calls earlier in the night due to the number of people calling 911, but they are now back to normal operation as of 9:30 p.m.


The MTA is reporting major system disruptions heading into Sunday due to the power outage. Multiple lines, including the A, C, M, and Q lines are suspended or have had their route altered. For the latest on the subway service changes, click here.

CBS2's Alice Gainer was at one of the subway stations in Midtown where power has completely gone out.


Gainer also hit the road to see how drivers are handling the dangerous traffic conditions on Manhattan's West Side Highway.


CBS2's Ali Bauman was in Midtown Saturday evening, where pedestrians and drivers are dealing with the mass confusion caused by the downed traffic lights.


New Yorkers are also calling for help through social media, as at least one person has been trapped in an elevator by the outage. Richard R. O'Connor tweeted from his elevator in Manhattan Saturday evening.

Power outage in parts of NYC! The view from an elevator stuck!????‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/K4fXVofiVE

Broadway shows also went dark on Saturday, but that didn't keep performers from putting on a show for New Yorkers outside the theaters. The Carnegie Hall choir even put on an impromptu concert in the streets of Manhattan.


As many officials tweeted throughout the night, the crisis brought that best in New Yorkers, many of whom were photographed helping to direct traffic and assist people stuck in elevators. Even tourists who weren't familiar with Manhattan pitched in to lend a hand.

"We've been lost over the past three days, and we've reached out for help on subways trying to navigate the streets, and everyone has been overwhelmingly wonderful and helpful to us, so we're paying it forward," Jennica Reynolds of Middleton, Idaho said.

Stay with CBS New York for the latest on this developing story

Social Media Videos Show NYPD Officers Being Doused With Water, Hit With Buckets
newyork
July 22, 2019 / 11:55 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- There is outrage over videos showing NYPD officers in uniform being pelted with water and empty buckets over the weekend.

brooklyn-officers-water-bucket 
Officers were soaked with water while responding to an incident in Brooklyn in July 2019. (Credit: NYScanner/Twitter)
The NYPD says officers were soaked while responding to a call about a disorderly group on East New York Avenue in Brooklyn on Saturday afternoon, CBS2's Lisa Rozner reports.

A similar scene was caught on camera during the weekend's record-high temperatures. Officers were arresting someone at a car in Harlem when they too were pelted with water and even struck on the head with an empty bucket.

"I've worked in this neighborhood for 10 years, and I've never seen anything like that," one woman said.

MORE: Union Takes Issue With NYPD Criticizing Officers For Showing Restraint While Being Doused With Water

harlem-officers-water-bucket 
Officers in Harlem were doused with water and pelted with water buckets while making an arrest. (Credit: NYScanner/Twitter)
Mayor Bill de Blasio addressed the videos on NY1 Monday night.

"Throwing things at NYPD officers is not only not acceptable, it can lead to charges. All of those actions can lead to charges," he said.

Terence Monahan, the NYPD chief of department, added the situation is "reprehensible" and said "every New Yorker must show respect for our cops."


Councilman Keith Powers is on the public safety committee.

"The hard part to watch was really these great public servants going out there, doing their jobs and being treated like they don't matter, and as a city, I know we're better than that," he said.

The NYPD says in both cases, no arrests were made and the agency is investigating.

The Police Benevolent Association blamed the mayor's policies and said in situations like this, officers need to take action.

Father On Suicide Watch, Charged With Manslaughter After 2 Infants Found Dead, Left In Hot Car All Day
newyork
July 26, 2019 / 11:59 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Two infant children have died in the Bronx after being left in a parked car for an entire day.

Authorities say the father of those children is in custody and now been charged with two counts of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide of his twin babies.

Juan Rodriguez went before a judge at Bronx criminal court Saturday afternoon.

The 39-year-old could be seen early Saturday morning outside the 52nd Precinct in Fordham. Hours earlier, he had been taken into custody at the scene where EMS pronounced both of his children dead.

The Iraq War veteran appeared inconsolable in court and cried throughout his hearing.

He was released on bail Saturday evening and ushered into an SUV.

juan rodriguez 
Juan Rodriguez cries in court after the death of his two infant children after they were left in a parked car on July 26, 2019. (Credit: CBS2)
His lawyer told reporters Rodriguez is now on suicide watch.

"My client is inconsolable. He is beside himself in grief, and he's been that way for a period of time, and I'm concerned about his mental health," defense attorney Joey Jackson said Saturday evening.

According to NYPD sources, one year-olds Luna and Phoenix Rodriguez were found by the father unconscious and foaming from the mouth in the back seat at Kingsbridge Terrace and West Kingsbridge Road just after 4 p.m.

bronx kids dead 
Two infants were found dead after allegedly being left inside a car in the Bronx on July 26, 2019. (Credit: Citizen App)
Prosecutors say Rodriguez dropped his 4-year-old son off at day care, but never took the twins to their day care center. Police tell CBS2 the father apparently forgot the baby boy and girl in the car Friday morning and went to work around 8 a.m.

"The vehicle had tinted windows, so it was almost impossible for anybody to notice that the children were there," NYC Council member Fernando Cabrera said.

CBS2's Ali Bauman has learned that Rodriguez works as a social worker at a nearby VA hospital. The 39-year-old began to drive away after his shift and veered off the road when he noticed his children had been in the back seat the whole time.

The distraught father called 911 but both children were pronounced dead at the scene, eight hours after being left in the sweltering car.

Family members left the Rodriguez home in Rockland County, escorted by Clarkstown police. They remained silent, but one door down, the Maayani family spoke to CBS2's Tara Jakeway on their behalf.

"They loved their kids and that's what we see from the outside," Galit Maayani said.

"Lovely family. They were always out in the backyard saying hi waving hello," David Maayani added.

0727hotcar 
Juan Rodriguez's Honda sedan is covered by a tarp after the discovery of his dead children. (Credit: CBS2)
Other residents in New City expressed shock and horror at the father's mistake.

"I don't have a clue what the guy was thinking. It was like 90 degrees yesterday," Toby Kasser said.

"You don't leave kids in cars, you hear too many stories."

"It's heartbreaking. I can't imagine forgetting my kids in the car," Tom Murray added.

The medical examiner still has to determine the twins' exact cause of death.

Rodriguez is married and has three other children. Detectives reportedly believe the entire tragedy was an accident with horrific results.

The 39-year-old is due back in court next week.

National Grid Gas Nightmare: CBS2 Demanding Answers As Long Islanders Stuck Without New Hookups While Utility Seeks Pipeline Extension
newyork
August 9, 2019 / 6:47 PM EDT / CBS New York


LYNBROOK, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) - There's a ray of hope Friday night for dozens of Long Island businesses impacted by a natural gas moratorium.

The state Department of Public Service is expanding an investigation into National Grid, vowing to force the power company to meet its obligations to its customers.

Il Pozzo Wine Bar and Kitchen in Lynbrook has only been open for three weeks, but its fate is already uncertain. It's the victim of a National Grid cutback, which the owner says he was never warned about. The stove is working, but not the oven.

"We just opened. We can't afford to be closed for a day," said owner Dominic Natoli. "My fear would be losing money or possibly closing."

He's not the only one. Forty business districts throughout Nassau and Suffolk counties are impacted by a National Grid moratorium on new gas hookups.

Lynbrook Pipeline Map 
(credit: Williams for LRNA)
In Farmingdale, the mayor says construction on a 100-seat restaurant and new houses - worth up to $12 million - are all on hold.

"They're hurting the economy," said Farmingdale mayor Ralph Ekstrand. "The only way this can be resolved is by the state of New York. I have written letters to the state. I've written letters to the governor."

"You're talking $10-$12 million are being held up in construction because of it... it's phenomenal in my mind that in this time and in our country we can't get natural gas delivered," he added.

CBS2 demanded answers from the state and Gov. Andrew Cuomo, and got action.

National Grid, which declared a moratorium on gas hook ups because an application for a new gas pipeline was rejected by the state in May, is now under the microscope. The state Department of Public Service is using the complaints to expand an investigation of the utility.

"The Department of Public Service will hold National Grid accountable for meeting its obligations to consumers and make sure that promises made for firm natural gas services are promises kept," said Department of Public Service spokesman James Denn.

The agency is charged with regulating state utilities. What will they be determining?

"Whether National Grid can safely accommodate projects that had been expected to come online before the end of the year, and whether National Grid had approved these hook ups," Denn said.

With the state trying reduce its carbon footprint, some advocacy groups claim the moratorium may force people to go back to using oil or propane, which are bigger environmental hazards.

"Unfortunately, the alternatives people are looking to in this moratorium are going back to oil heat or propane, which is two uses most energy activists, including us, don't want to see," said Eric Alexander, the director of Vision Long Island.

Others wonder if the moratorium is a pressure tactic to get approval of the pipeline. National Grid emphatically says it is not, saying in a statement:

"We've provided system models, engineering analyses, growth and demand forecasts, supply data, and other information that conclusively demonstrates the extent of the current constraints and our inability to serve new customers."

The Department of Public Service is hoping to issue a ruling in the not-too-distant future.

Con Edison also has a moratorium on new natural gas customers for southern Westchester county.

It's been in place since January.

It is also considering doing that for New York City.

Jeffrey Epstein Dies By Apparent Suicide In Jail
newyork
August 10, 2019 / 11:23 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- Jeffrey Epstein has died by apparent suicide in jail.

In a release, the U.S. Department of Justice says Epstein was found unresponsive in his cell from an apparent suicide at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York around 6:30 a.m Saturday.

Sources tell CBS2 Epstein hanged himself.

Epstein was taken to a local hospital, where he was pronounced dead.

AT-A-GLANCE

Timeline Of Epstein's Life And Crimes
Read The 2019 U.S. v. Jeffrey Epstein Indictment (PDF)
More On Jeffrey Epstein
The FBI is investigating.

00:00

02:00
See More



Attorney General William P. Barr issued the following statement:

"I was appalled to learn that Jeffrey Epstein was found dead early this morning from an apparent suicide while in federal custody. Mr. Epstein's death raises serious questions that must be answered. In addition to the FBI's investigation, I have consulted with the Inspector General who is opening an investigation into the circumstances of Mr. Epstein's death."

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Geoffrey S. Berman also released a statement:

"Earlier this morning, the Manhattan Correctional Center confirmed that Jeffrey Epstein, who faced charges brought by this Office of engaging in the sex trafficking of minors, had been found unresponsive in his cell and was pronounced dead shortly thereafter of an apparent suicide. Today's events are disturbing, and we are deeply aware of their potential to present yet another hurdle to giving Epstein's many victims their day in Court. To those brave young women who have already come forward and to the many others who have yet to do so, let me reiterate that we remain committed to standing for you, and our investigation of the conduct charged in the Indictment – which included a conspiracy count – remains ongoing.

We continue to urge anyone who feels they may be a victim or have information related to the conduct in this case to please contact 1-800- CALL FBI."

Last month, sources told CBS2 Epstein was put on suicide watch after he was found injured on the floor of his jail cell with bruises on his neck, according to a person familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity. At the time, it was not clear whether the injuries were self-inflicted or from an assault.

Epstein arrived at the correctional center on July 6 after being indicted for sex trafficking of minors and conspiracy.

He was accused of recruiting and abusing dozens of underage girls at his $77 million New York mansion and Florida home in the early 2000s.

The 66-year-old pleaded not guilty in July.

A judge denied bail, saying, "I doubt that any bail package can overcome danger to the community."

Epstein's defense team -- Martin Weinberg, Michael Miller and Reid Weingarten -- released the following statement Saturday:

"We are enormously sorry to learn of today's news. No one should die in jail. We cannot confirm rumors as to his cause of death, and we trust that the United States Attorney's Office and the United States Marshals will thoroughly investigate the circumstances of today's tragedy."

A former warden told the Associated Press that Epstein's suicide in jail represents a "shocking failure" of the system.

Cameron Lindsay, who ran three federal lockups, says Epstein should have been under constant supervision.

Stay with CBS2 for more on this developing story.

Eric Garner Case: NYPD Fires Officer Daniel Pantaleo, 5 Years After Confrontation
newyork
August 19, 2019 / 11:02 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) -- Officer Daniel Panteleo, accused of using a banned chokehold during the arrest of Eric Garner five years ago, has been fired from NYPD police force.

New York City Police Commissioner James O'Neill revealed his decision in a news conference Monday. He said the decision was immediate and the other officer involved in the Garner case will face a disciplinary trial later this year.

"None of us can take back our decisions," O'Neill said, "especially when they lead to the death of another human being."

The New York Times reported that the judge in the departmental trial stated in her opinion that Pantaleo was untruthful and self-serving during questioning.

The arrest on Staten Island was caught on camera. Garner was accused of illegally selling loose cigarettes. He was heard on the video saying "I can't breathe."

Expert Talks On Termination Of Officer Daniel Pantaleo From NYPD


The medical examiner had testified at the departmental trial that the chokehold is what set off an asthma attack and a fatal heart attack.

WHAT DO YOU THINK? Follow our Facebook page and share your thoughts on what should come next for both the #BlackLivesMatter and #BlueLivesMatter movements.

"No one believes that Officer Pantaleo got out of bed on July 17, 2014, thinking he would make choices and take actions during an otherwise routine arrest that would lead to another person's death," said O'Neill. "But an officer's choices and actions, even made under extreme pressure, matter.

"It is unlikely that Mr. Garner thought he was in such poor health that a brief struggle with the police would cause his death," he said. "He should've decided against resisting arrest. But a man with a family lost his life and that is an irreversible tragedy.

Full News Conference: Commissioner O'Neill Announced Pataleo Firing


"A hard-working police officer, a man with a family who took this job to do good, to make a difference in his home community, has now lost his chosen career," O'Neill said. "And that is a different kind of tragedy. In this case, the unintended consequence of Mr. Garner's death must have a consequence of its own. Therefore I agree with the deputy commissioner of the trial's legal findings and recommendations. It is clear that Daniel Pantaleo can no longer effectively serve as a New York City police officer."

RELATED STORY: While Family Praises Pantaleo Decision, Police Union Blasts Move As 'Absolutely Embarrassing'

The Rev. Al Sharpton said Garner's family was "relieved but not celebratory."

"Pantaleo will go home a terminated man, but this family had to go to a funeral," Sharpton said at a news conference.

Rev. Al Sharpton, Eric Garner Family Speak On Pantaleo Decision


Garner's daughter, Emerald Snipes Garner, thanked O'Neill "for doing the right thing." She said she is urging lawmakers to make it a state and federal crime - not just an administrative violation - for any police officer to use a chokehold.

"I should not be here standing with my brother, fatherless," she said. "He's fired, but the fight is not over."

De Blasio never said whether he believed Pantaleo should lose his job but promised "justice" to the slain man's family.

Mayor Bill de Blasio Speaks On Firing Of Officer Daniel Pantaleo


The commissioner's decision comes two weeks after an NYPD administrative judge recommended Pantaleo be fired for using what O'Neill acknowledged was a banned chokehold during Garner's arrest. Garner, 43, later died.

The police union has said Pantaleo should keep his job because he did nothing wrong, and that firing him would have a chilling effect on how other officers do their jobs.

Pat Lynch, Police Benevolent Association Speak Out On Firing Of Officer Daniel Pantaleo


Police Benevolent Association President Patrick J. Lynch issued a statement shortly after O'Neill's announcement:

"Police Commissioner O'Neill has made his choice: he has chosen politics and his own self-interest over the police officers he claims to lead. He has chosen to cringe in fear of the anti-police extremists, rather than standing up for New Yorkers who want a functioning police department, with cops who are empowered to protect them and their families. With this decision, Commissioner O'Neill has opened the door for politicians to dictate the outcome of every single NYPD disciplinary proceeding, without any regard for the facts of the case or police officers' due process rights. He will wake up tomorrow to discover that the cop-haters are still not satisfied, but it will be too late. The damage is already done. The NYPD will remain rudderless and frozen, and Commissioner O'Neill will never be able to bring it back. Now it is time for every police officer in this city to make their own choice. We are urging all New York City police officers to proceed with the utmost caution in this new reality, in which they may be deemed 'reckless' just for doing their job. We will uphold our oath, but we cannot and will not do so by needlessly jeopardizing our careers or personal safety."

The National Fraternal Order of Police president also released a statement.

Pantaleo was suspended after the NYPD judge's decision. He had been placed on desk duty until O'Neill's decision.

Urban Affairs Expert Mark Peters Discusses Pantaleo's Firing


"I've been a cop a long time," O'Neill said. "If I was still a cop, I'd probably be mad at me, I would, for not looking out for us. But I am. It's my responsibility as police commissioner to look out for the city and certainly to look out for the New York City police officers. They took this job to make a difference, and you all know the city has been transformed. Had a lot of help, but it's the cops out there right now and the thousands that have come before us that continue to make this city safe.

Asked whether Mayor Bill de Blasio forced his hand, O'Neill said the dismissal was his choice. "This is the decision that the police commissioner makes," he said, calling Garner's death an "irreversible tragedy" that "must have a consequence."

"Some will be angry, and I have a great executive staff – these police officers do a terrific job each and every day – and we'll have to work through this," O'Neill said. "It's a resilient organization."

Eric Garner's Mother Gwen Carr, Other Supporters Rally After Firing Of Daniel Pantaleo


"Mister Pantaleo, you might have lost a job, but I lost a son," said Gwen Carr, the mother of Eric Garner.

In 2014, a grand jury declined to indict Pantaleo. Last month, the U.S. Justice Department refused to bring federal civil rights charges against him.


When a state grand jury on Staten Island declined to indict Pantaelo in December of that year, protesters poured into the streets by the thousands, venting the frustration that criminal charges against officers using deadly force remained rare, even with video evidence.

Then, a few days before Christmas, a man upset about the cases of Garner and 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, fatally shot two New York City police officers as they sat in their cruiser in Brooklyn.

Those killings, in turn, gave fire to the Blue Lives Matter counter-movement, with police union officials arguing that the heated rhetoric against officers was making them unsafe. Some officers began turning their backs on de Blasio at funerals.

Federal authorities kept a civil rights investigation open for five years before announcing last month they would not bring charges.

City officials had long insisted that they could not take action until criminal investigations were complete.

(© Copyright 2019 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)

Multiple Injuries After Car Plows Into Lobby Of New Rochelle's Trump Plaza
newyork
September 17, 2019 / 9:02 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – At least two people have been injured after a car plowed into the lobby of New Rochelle's Trump Plaza.

CBS2's Tony Aiello was on the scene as emergency crews rushed into the luxury high rise around 9 p.m. Tuesday night.


The black Mercedes left a trail of destruction and broken glass in the front of the building on Huguenot Street before coming to a stop inside Trump Plaza's main entrance.

Luckily, all of the injuries are said to be minor at this time.

"I seen a driver sitting over there in the doorman and the concierge. The concierge's got her. He was sitting in the chair, he was bleeding. He just really shook up," maintenance worker Kevin Jenkins said.


"I walk my dog all the time and this is kind of crazy to see the way the car careen into the heavy glass doors," New Rochelle resident Marlene Johnson added.

00:00

02:00
See More




"You wonder, if somebody lost control of a car and what's going on in the world, did somebody deliberately run the car into the Trump Tower? I don't know."


At this time, police are still investigating the cause of the Mercedes' crash.

Authorities tell CBS2 the incident appears to be an accident but investigators are still piecing together what happened.

— Jessica Layton (@JLaytonTV) September 18, 2019
Stay with CBS New York for the latest on this developing story

MUST WATCH: Woman Appears To Taunt Lion After Climbing Into Exhibit At Bronx Zoo
newyork
October 1, 2019 / 11:35 PM EDT / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- Police are still looking for the intruder who dared to taunt a lion inside its enclosure at the Bronx Zoo.

lion-01 
Shocking video posted to Instagram over the weekend shows a woman facing off with a lion at the Bronx Zoo. (Credit: Instagram user realsobrino)
Shocking video posted to Instagram over the weekend shows an unidentified woman inside the lion enclosure fence, waving at the giant cat.

As the male lion stands still, staring at her, she dances, seemingly carefree, with only a small moat separating her from the animal.

According to a statement from the zoo, the woman climbed over a visitor safety barrier into the African lion exhibit on Saturday.

FLASHBACK: Trespassers Enter Bronx Zoo Exhibits In Separate Incidents Over 2 Days

00:00

00:00
See More




The woman was later escorted out of the park unscathed, but police are now searching for her, saying she may face criminal trespassing charges.

The Bronx Zoo released the following statement in response to the incident:

"This action was a serious violation and unlawful trespass that could have resulted in serious injury or death. Barriers and rules are in place to keep both visitors, staff and animals safe. We have a zero tolerance policy on trespass and violation of barriers."

Visitors to the Bronx Zoo on Tuesday asked why the woman would do such a thing, worried about her safety and the safety of the animals.

"I think it's absolutely crazy. I don't know why anyone would think to climb over there," one visitor said.


"I'm sorry to hear it. That's somebody who's very troubled," one woman said.

"I hope that nothing bad happens to the lion because of what this woman did," another woman said.

John Rubbo hopes the decisions of one woman won't ruin the experience for others.

"At this exhibit, there's low walls, so you want to get close enough to see what's going on, but you don't want to have these high fences in front of all the exhibits. It takes the fun out of the zoo," he said.

The zoo and the lion exhibit remain open.

Bail Reform: Mayor De Blasio Defends Giving Freed Prison Inmates Gifts For Appearing In Court As 'A Smart Policy'
newyork
November 6, 2019 / 11:00 PM EST / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – On Wednesday, Mayor Bill de Blasio came to the defense of a city program that critics say will reward criminal behavior.

The incentive program would give accused criminals – being released from jail under the city's new cashless bail policy – things like New York Mets tickets and gift cards for showing up to court.

MORE: NYC To Offer Mets Tickets, Doughnut Gift Cards To Get Freed Inmates Back In Court After State Ends Cash Bail

New York City will be ringing in the New Year with a new set of criminal justice reforms to combat overcrowded jails.

CitiField Preview 
A general view of the exterior of Citi Field on March 25, 2009 in the Flushing, Queens. (Photo by Mike Stobe/Getty Images)
About 900 accused criminals are expected to be released, and the city will be rewarding them with Mets tickets, movie passes, and store gift cards for making their scheduled court appearances.

Critics say the program rewards criminal behavior, but de Blasio is optimistic the plan will work.

"In a world where we want speedier trials and we want the justice system to work, if small incentives are part of what actually makes it work, then that's a smart policy," he said Wednesday.

Starting Jan. 1, the bail reform policy eliminates cash bail and pre-trial detention for misdemeanors and most low level felonies – with exceptions like murder conspiracy, domestic violence cases, and sex crimes.

"It's not something we developed. It's something that has been worked on by experts over time and proven to work and proven to be a good investment," de Blasio argued.

Outgoing NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill, who's been vocal about his opposition to bail reform, didn't hesitate to express his reservations.

"We have to make sure there are consequences for criminal behavior," O'Neill said Wednesday. "Come January 1… we're a resilient organization, we'll adapt, but I have real concerns."

WEB EXTRA - CBS2 Urban Affairs Expert Mark Peters Looks At What Challenges Face The NYPD's New Commissioner:


His successor, incoming Commissioner Dermot Shea, is keeping an open mind.

"Is it a good idea to give people Mets tickets? I don't know, but I'm willing to try different things," he said.

The mayor made it very clear that while he is a fan of bail reform and reducing mass incarceration, he is not a fan of a policy that takes away a judge's ability to make case-by-case judgments based on how dangerous a defendant is.

The state's office of court administration says defendants who qualify to be released under the new bail reform policy will start being released in mid-December.

Jersey City Shooting: 6 Dead Including Police Detective, 2 Suspects, 3 Civilians
newyork
December 10, 2019 / 11:57 PM EST / CBS New York


JERSEY CITY (CBSNewYork) - A police officer was among six killed in a lengthy gun battle in Jersey City Tuesday.

Watch continuing coverage on CBSN New York

The two suspects were also killed, along with three civilians. Their bodies were found in a kosher grocery store at Bayview Avenue and Martin Luther King Boulevard after an intense, hours-long shootout with police. Jersey City Police Chief Michael Kelly said police believe the three civilians killed in the grocery store were shot by the suspects.

Photos: Active Shooter Scenes From Jersey City's Deadly Gunfight

It began at roughly 12:30 p.m. at the Bay View cemetery at Garfield Avenue. The suspects were spotted at the cemetery in a stolen rental van. Kelly said he believes Det. Joseph Seals - who was part of the unit responsible for removing guns from the street - was attempting to interdict weapons in the van when he approached the suspects, and they opened fire.

Det. Seals was hit. He was rushed to the hospital, but did not survive.

The suspects then drove about a mile to the grocery store in the middle of a residential neighborhood, where more shots were fired.

Watch: Jersey City Police Chief Michael Kelly On Deadly Shootout


"Units responded and were immediately engaged by high powered rifle fire," Kelly said. He said responding officers set up a perimeter and called for mutual aid from other law enforcement agencies.

"Just about all the folks that were within earshot of us responded," Kelly said. "[We] continued to take gunfire for hours. Our officers were under fire for hours. Two more police officers were hit by gunfire. One sustained an injury to the shoulder. One sustained another injury to the body. Those officers have since been released from the hospital."

He identified the injured officers as Ray Sanchez and Mariela Fernandez. Kelly said "hundreds" of shots were fired during the gun battle.

Watch: Mayor Steven Fulop Briefing On Jersey City Shooting


Mayor Steven Fulop called Det. Seals "one of our best police officers." He had been on the job for more than 15 years and was assigned to the city's "cease fire" unit, responsible for removing guns from the street.

"Dozens and dozens of handguns he's responsible for removal from the street," Kelly said. "We believe that he was killed while trying to interdict these bad guys at that other location on Garfield Avenue.


Seals leaves behind a wife and five children. Kelly and Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop visited with them after the shooting.

"We cried with the family. It's the one of the hardest things that you ever have to see in your entire life. Nobody expected, I'm sure, Detective Seals not to return home. I'm sure his children expected him to return home. Sometimes people don't appreciate the tough work these police officers do every single day," Fulop said.


Jersey City Director of Public Safety James Shea said there was no indication the incident was terror-related. Kelly said the stolen U-Haul "may contain an incendiary device" and has been taken for examination by the bomb squad.

Tuesday night, Mayor Fulop tweeted that officials now believe the suspects targeted the kosher market and that the community may see an increase in police presence though there's no indication there are any further threats.


Schools in the area were placed on lockdown during the shootout. The lockdown was lifted at 4:15 p.m. Officials said all children were safe and accounted for. Nonetheless, parents were nervous.

"Pretty anxious. I got a call from the school, I got a call from the kids that they're safe," a parent named Juan told CBS2's Jessica Layton.

Watch: Barrage Of Gunfire Rings Out During Jersey City Shootout


During the height of the gun battle, dozens of shots could be heard going off as police engaged the suspects in the vicinity of Martin Luther King Drive and Bayview Avenue. Officers wearing tactical gear and carrying long guns swarmed the scene in armored vehicles. New Jersey State Police said they deployed canine units, the bomb squad, aviation units and tactical squads among other resources to the scene. The NYPD's Emergency Services Unit also was brought in to assist.


"I got caught in a one way street with a bunch of cars and I was wondering why nobody was moving. And all of a sudden I heard it. All the shots started. Shots started ringing out. When I heard it, I see people running. I got out of the car and I see cops ducked down, and cops getting out of the way," witness Brian Clark said.

Watch: Witnesses Describe Jersey City Shootout


"And I'm wondering why, what the hell? So I get out of my car and I see it, and I heard it - pow pow pow pow pow - then I realized I was in a shootout. I never heard that many shots in my life. It was like I was in a war zone," Clark added.

"We were ready to take lunch and all of a sudden we heard a lot of gunshots," a witness named Carlos told CBS2's Alice Gainer. "I heard over 200 gunshots fired."

.@GovMurphy, @CoryBooker, @NewJerseyOAG, @NJSP Colonel Callahan, @NJOHSP Director Maples, Chief of Staff @ghelmy arrive in Jersey City en route @JerseyCityPD South HQ on Bergen Ave following today's shooting pic.twitter.com/rmi2XIUOEj

— Mahen Gunaratna (@GunaRockYa) December 10, 2019
Gov. Phil Murphy and President Donald Trump were both briefed on the incident. Murphy visited the scene after the shootout. Trump called the shooting "horrific" and said his thoughts and prayers were with the victims and their families.

Jersey City Medical Center was placed on lockdown due to the shooting.

New Jersey Transit Police reported Hudson Bergen Light Rail was suspended in the area, along with all bus service on the West Side Branch. New Jersey Turnpike exit ramps at Interchange 14B were closed because of the incident.


"Today is a horrific day. Officers have come under attack and we have several wounded. Our hearts are heavy and the violence is not over," the New Jersey State PBA tweeted. "We need prayers."

CBS2's Jessica Layton reports local schools will open on a delayed scheduled Wednesday. Classes at Jersey City public schools will begin at 10 a.m.


Check back soon for more information on this developing story. 

Sources: 16-Year-Old Karol Sanchez Confesses To Staging Kidnapping That Prompted Amber Alert
newyork
December 17, 2019 / 11:55 PM EST / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- A 16-year-old girl who was apparently kidnapped right in front of her mother staged the whole thing, sources told CBS2.

The apparent kidnapping in the Bronx was staged by Karol Sanchez, who allegedly confessed to it after being reunited with her family Tuesday.


No charges have been filed at this time, but police are looking for four male accomplices.

The surveillance video would send chills through any parent: Four men snatching a 16-year-old off a Bronx Street.

Karol Sanchez Found Safe 
Karol Sanchez is escorted by a police officer after being located following an Amber Alert on Dec. 17, 2019. (credit: Zani Koxha)
Blurry video showed the scene in the Melrose section of the Bronx near 775 Eagle Ave. at 11:30 p.m. Monday.

The video shows four men in a sedan pull up to Sanchez and her mother, grab the girl and push the mom to the ground.

The NYPD put out an Amber Alert and flooded the neighborhood with missing posters.

At 2:30 p.m. Tuesday, Sanchez suddenly showed back up at the scene and turned herself into police as stunned people on the street watched.

"We was at the pole over there, looking at her picture, and we walked up the block, she was crossing the street to to the the cop car, and I was like 'Yo, that's her right there,'" said Tommy Feliciano.

"She was shaken up. She was bending over, grabbing her knees, and discussing with the police. And that's when they took her into the parking garage for questioning," Zani Koxha said.

Sanchez was brought to the 40th Precinct stationhouse, where, sources tell CBS2, she admitted she staged the whole thing with four accomplices in an attempt to run away from her family.

The NYPD wants to talk to all involved before deciding who, if anyone, to charge.


All day, residents had worried about Sanchez, and kept a close eye on their own children. They worried about Sanchez's mother. Witnesses say she was distraught Monday night after her daughter was driven away.

"She was just screaming 'My daughter, my daughter, my God, someone please help me.' She was screaming hysterically. And I was looking, wondering what was going on. She was just screaming in the street," one witness said.

Sanchez and her family live in Dutchess County but have been visiting relatives in the Bronx.

Woman Killed When Debris Falls Onto Sidewalk In Times Square
newyork
December 17, 2019 / 11:08 PM EST / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- A Manhattan woman was killed Tuesday morning while simply walking down the street in Times Square.

Investigators said a piece of the facade fell from a building and hit her. The accident shut down a major thoroughfare in the heart of the city, CBS2's Tara Jakeway reported.

The NYPD and FDNY blocked off the scene at 49th Street and Seventh Avenue, where every New Yorker's worst nightmare played out. Erica Tishman, 60, was walking by when she was fatally struck by falling debris, while commuters looked on in horror.

Pedestrian Killed By Falling Debris In Times Square 
A woman was killed when debris fell on her in Times Square on Dec. 17, 2019. (credit: CBS2)
Pablo Black of the Bronx said he was on his way into work Tuesday morning when he walked across the street to see what the commotion was about.

"I see a lady, a female, an older female, that was laying on the ground as if something hit her," Black said.

"I just saw, you know, them working to try to revive her," one man said. "We all work right over here. It could've happened to anyone. It's very scary."

00:00

02:00
See More



By the time first responders arrived at around 10:30 a.m., it was too late. Tishman was pronounced dead at the scene. Authorities would later say she was struck by a piece of the building's facade.

"When I looked to my left, I seen a bunch of people surrounding somebody on the ground as if they had a heart attack or something. But the word was they got hit by something from the top of a building," Black said.

It turns out the Department of Buildings warned the building owners about the risk that an accident like this could happen. In a report filed back in April, the DOB recorded numerous violations at 729 Seventh Ave., including "failure to maintain exterior building facade," noting "damaged terra cotta at areas above [the] 15th floor in several locations, which poses a falling hazard for pedestrians."

The owner was fined $1,250 and paid it, but the violation remained open because the property owner did not confirm that the violations were fixed.

Himmel and Meringoff Properties say it's cooperating fully with the city.

"I think part of the problem with inspections and fines, that it seems for some building owners it's the cost of doing business," Sen. Brad Hoylman said.

Hoylman, like many, is outraged and thinks there needs to be a better system created once a full investigation is complete.

"It might lead to something like criminal charges, and boy, when somebody is killed by falling debris that could've been averted had the building owner taken the appropriate steps? I think it's warranted," Hoylman said.

Neighbors at Tishman's Upper East Side apartment said she was actually well versed in New York City buildings. She was vice president of Zubatkin, a property development firm, and had 30 years of experience in design and construction. According to her company's website, she was an experienced architect who graduated from Harvard and Princeton universities.

She also served on the board for the Educational Alliance, the first woman to serve as board chair. EA released a statement that reads in part, "To every opportunity, meeting, or event, she always brought her full self. Her presence will always be felt in every corner of our organization."

Both the management company and the DOB released statements expressing condolences about what they called a tragedy.

"This is a tragedy, and the family and friends of the victim are in our thoughts. No pedestrian should be at risk from dangerous façade conditions. Department of Buildings engineers are on the scene to perform a full structural stability inspection of the building to ensure all New Yorkers are safe, and conduct a thorough investigation into the cause of this tragic incident," said DOB Deputy Press Secretary Abigail Kunitz.

Until the engineers deem the area safe, 49th Street between Sixth and Seventh avenues will remain closed. Late Tuesday night, crews were working to put up scaffolding around the building.

I've Always Been Here': Cole Speaks Glowingly Of Yankees During Introductory Press Conference
newyork
December 18, 2019 / 12:33 PM EST / CBS New York


NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) -- The New York Yankees officially have the ace they have been craving. And it turns out, he's been craving them as well.

Fresh off signing a nine-year $324 million contract, a record for a pitcher, Gerrit Cole donned the pinstripes for the first time Wednesday during a press conference at Yankee Stadium.

Web Extra: Yankees Formally Introduce Ace Right-Hander Gerrit Cole:


The 29-year-old right-hander has been a Yankees fan since he was a kid. One photo from the 2001 World Series shows him holding a sign saying he's a fan "today, tomorrow and forever."

And he surprised everyone by bringing that very sign with him to the press conference.

"I would just like to say, I'm here. I've always been here," Cole said, adding when asked why he chose to come to the Bronx, "Because it was my dream. I had a second opportunity to chase it and it's the best organization, in my opinion, in the league."

In addition to the massive contract, Cole said he was very impressed by the pitch general manager Brian Cashman and his lieutenants made to him during free agency.

"There is a process here that Brian spoke to and he just alluded to a couple minutes ago about trying to bring the best people at each individual position, to surround everybody with the best opportunity to succeed," Cole said. " I think they have demonstrated that through Brian's tenure over the last two decades. So it instills lots of confidence as a player when you hear those things, and it doesn't hurt to play for your favorite team."


Known for his rugged beard and longish hair, Cole sported a whole new look. He got a haircut and was clean-shaven, keeping with the Yankees' famous dress code.

"He cleans up nice, doesn't he?" Yankees manager Aaron Boone joked.

"I have experienced razor burn now for the first time in the last 10 years," Cole added.

The stud right-hander has been on the Yankees' radar forever. Back in 2008, he was a first-round draft pick of the Bombers, but chose to go to UCLA on a baseball scholarship instead. New York reportedly tried to trade for him following the 2017 season, but the Pittsburgh Pirates, his team at the time, opted to send him to the Houston Astros.

ANALYSIS: Curse Of The Mega Deal? Yankees Hope Gerrit Cole's Contract Plays Out More Like A-Rod's Than Albert Pujols' Or Prince Fielder's

Cole went 20-5 last season with the Astros, leading the American League with a 2.50 ERA and the majors with 326 strikeouts. He then went 4-1 with a 1.72 ERA in five postseason starts, including pitching seven shutout innings in a 4-1 win over the Yankees in Game 3 of the AL Championship Series.

In the World Series against the Washington Nationals, Cole got knocked around a bit in Game 1, allowing five runs over seven frames in a 5-4 loss, but he bounced back in Game 5, giving up just one run and three hits over seven in the Astros' 7-1 win.

Cole ended up finishing second in the AL Cy Young Award voting behind then-teammate Justin Verlander.

During his two years in Houston, Cole went 35-10 with a 2.68 ERA in 65 games and starts in the regular season. Over his seven-year career, he is 94-52 with a 3.22 ERA, amassing 1,336 strikeouts in 1,195 innings.

New York Synagogue Attack: Machete-Wielding Suspect Captured In NYC After At Least 5 People Wounded In Monsey
newyork
December 28, 2019 / 11:58 PM EST / CBS New York


MONSEY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – At least five people have been stabbed in an attack at a synagogue in New York's Rockland County. That attacker is now reportedly in custody after fleeing the scene.

CBS2's Tony Aiello has confirmed a man entered Rabbi Rottenburg's synagogue on Forshay Road in Monsey and stabbed several people just before 10 p.m. Saturday.

The suspect has been identified as 37-year-old Grafton Thomas, of Greenwood Lake, New York, in Orange County.

Thomas, covering his face with a scarf, reportedly entered the building and pulled out a machete to attack the victims during a Chanukah celebration. Thomas reportedly chased after and stabbed victims as they fled the synagogue before running off and escaping in a gray Nissan Sentra.

NEW YORK SYNAGOGUE ATTACK: Machete-Wielding Suspect Arrested In Harlem After Two-Hour Search

"He took out his knife, sword from a holder and started hitting people back and forth. Nothing, he didn't say anything. He screamed after me when I came out here, he screamed after me, 'Hey you, I'll get you,'" one witness told CBS2's Marc Liverman. "He moved to the front door. He could go straight into the kitchen and the dining room's the first thing. First, he went into the dining room and hit a few people there. Then he went into the kitchen and hit one guy there, and then he came back to the dining room."

"I ran into the other room because I tried to save my life. I saw him running down this way, so I ran out and two ladies came along with me. They're still hysterical," witness Aron Kohn said.

Arrest In Harlem 
Grafton Thomas is accused in a violent machete attack on members of a synagogue that left five wounded in Rockland County on Dec. 28, 2019. He was captured near W. 144th Street and Adam Clayton Boulevard on Dec. 29, 2019. (credit: CBS2)
Shortly after midnight on Sunday, Ramapo police announced Thomas had been arrested. Police tell CBS2 he was taken into custody in Harlem.

Tony Aiello reports at least four people were taken to area hospitals with injuries. Two of the victims were rushed to Westchester Medical's trauma center due to the severity of injuries.

Both the Clarkstown Police Department and the Orthodox Jewish Public Affairs Council reported a total of five stabbing victims.

Sunday morning, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said one of the victims was still in "very serious and critical condition with wounds to the head."

So far, police haven't released any other information on the victims, although OJPAC co-founder Yossi Gestetner says one of the victims is a senior.

"The least severe case is someone who has been stabbed only in the hand," he said.

The rabbi's son was also one of the victims of the attack. The rabbi told Cuomo his son is recovering.

Officials said around 9:40 a.m. Sunday that two victims were still in the hospital, but their exact conditions are unknown.

monseysynagogueattack1 
At least five people were stabbed in an attack at a synagogue in New York's Rockland County on Dec. 28, 2019. (Credit: CBS2)
This incident happened amid a rash of anti-Semitic attacks this week.

"What's going on? That's the question that we don't have the answers, and people are genuinely scared," Rockland County Legislator Aron Wider said.

"The people that were stabbed tonight, what did they do? Did the perpetrator even know who they were, or just knew that they were Jews?" said Dov Hikind, founder of Americas Against Antisemitism.

Local law enforcement in the New York area and local leaders are responding to the attack.


"We will NOT allow this to become the new normal. We'll use every tool we have to stop these attacks once and for all. The NYPD has deployed a visible and growing presence around Jewish houses of worship on the streets in communities like Williamsburg, Crown Heights and Boro Park," New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio added in a tweet.

WATCH: Gov. Andrew Cuomo Gives Update On New York Synagogue Stabbing


"It's important for me to express to the rabbi and to all the people of the state of New York that this is intolerance meets ignorance meets illegality. This is an intolerant time in this country. We see anger, we see hatred exploding. It is an American cancer in the body politic. It literally turns one cell in the body against others. And we have seen it here in the state of New York. This is about the 13th incident of Antisemitism in just the past few weeks. Comes during a period of high holidays for the Jewish people. It is intolerant. It is ignorant. But it is also illegal. And at the end of the day, it's not just about words, it's about action, and we have seen enough in New York. This is violence spurred by hate. It is mass violence and I consider this an act of domestic terrorism. Let's call it what it is. These people are domestic terrorists. And the law should reflect that and they should be punished as if it was an act of terrorism. And we're going to take the lead here in the state of New York and do just that and I'm going to propose that in the beginning of January when I lay out my state of the state address," Cuomo said.


"Violence of any kind will not be tolerated here in Rockland. I stand with the people of this County in condemning this attack and ask all to offer their thoughts, hopes and prayers for a speedy recovery for the victims of this heinous crime. As a former Police Commander, people need to know that law enforcement in Rockland will leave no stone un-turned as they bring those guilty of this crime to swift and severe justice," Rockland County Executive Ed Day said in a statement Saturday night.

President Donald Trump responded to the attack on Twitter, saying in part, "We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism."

Gov. Cuomo has directed the state's Hate Crimes Task Force to investigate Saturday night's attack.

"I am horrified by the stabbing of multiple people at a synagogue in Rockland County tonight. We have zero tolerance for anti-Semitism in NY and we will hold the attacker accountable to the fullest extent of the law. NY stands with the Jewish community," Cuomo added.
Sheriff: Jayme Closs Found Alive In Wisconsin, Suspect Arrested
minnesota
January 10, 2019 / 10:18 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Thirteen-year-old Jayme Closs, who went missing almost three months ago from her Wisconsin home, was located alive Thursday evening, according to the Barron County Sheriff's Office. Police say a suspect has been taken into custody in connection with the case.

RELATED: AMBER ALERT: Wisconsin Girl, 13, Missing After Parents Found Dead

WCCO-TV's Mary McGuire spoke to Jayme's aunt Sue on Thursday evening, who said her niece was currently in the hospital.

"There was rumors earlier today, and I prayed and prayed that they were true," Sue said. "And I just shut myself totally down. I thought today was going to be the day, and then I find out two hours later that she's found and I just cannot believe this."

According to the Douglas County Sheriff's Office, Jayme was located alive in Gordon, Wisconsin, at 4:43 p.m. on Thursday, and a suspect was taken into custody in Gordon at 4:54 p.m.

WCCO's Mary McGuire spoke with a woman over the phone who confirmed she was the one who first encountered Jayme Closs on Thursday afternoon.

She said she was walking her dog and nearing her cabin when she saw the 13-year-old walking down the road. Closs approached her and told her that she needed help.

"I was at the right place at the right time," she said. The woman does not want to be identified by name.

Timeline Of Jayme Closs Case Below:


Closs disappeared on Oct. 15, 2018, the same day her parents -- James, 56, and Denise, 46 -- were found shot to death inside their Barron home.

RELATED: Search For Jayme Closs Continues; Parents' Deaths Ruled Homicides

Up until Thursday, Barron County Sheriff Chris Fitzgerald has said investigators had not received any credible leads in this case, despite thousands of tips.

RELATED: 'Your Dog, Molly, Is Waiting': Relatives Of Jayme Closs Make Public Plea

A 911 call was made from Denise Closs' cellphone at about 1 a.m. on Oct. 15, with garbled, inaudible audio. Police arrived four minutes later to find her and her husband dead. There was no sign of Jayme inside the home.

Investigators will discuss the case with the media Friday morning at 10 a.m. at the Barron County Sheriff's office.

'It Is Getting Cold, Fast': Thousands In Twin Cities Lost Power In Dangerous Cold
minnesota
January 29, 2019 / 9:29 PM CST / CBS Minnesota

UPDATE: Xcel says most Minnesotans had power restored by Wednesday morning.

MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Thousands of Minnesotans endured the coldest night in a generation without power.

Xcel Energy says equipment failures on power poles is leading to outages all over the metro Tuesday evening, which started at about 5:40 p.m.

At the peak of the outage, about 8,000 residents were affected in the Twin Cities metro area. As of 11 p.m., less than 600 customers people were still without power.

RELATED: USPS Suspends Minnesota Mail Deliveries Due To Polar Vortex

The Anzalone family said their Bloomington neighborhood went dark around dinner time. Like many in the metro, they were bundled up and reading by candelight, hoping they didn't have to leave their house. They say the latest update for power returning is 3 a.m. Wednesday.

"If the power doesn't come back on, we're talking to family and some friends in the area, see where we may spend the night, because it is getting cold, fast," said Erin Anzalone.

Xcel officials say they sent extra crews because of the dangerous cold.

Minnesota Weather: Record For Snowiest February Broken, More Snow Expected This Weekend
minnesota
February 20, 2019 / 3:35 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – It's official. This is the snowiest February ever recorded in the Twin Cities.

By noontime Wednesday, the snowstorm swirling over Minnesota had dumped 7.8 inches on the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, where the metro's official snow totals are measured.

7.8" as of noon in the Twin Cities which pushes our February snowfall total to 30.4"

That makes this the *snowiest February on record* and the *10th snowiest month any time of year* in the Twin Cities. Wow!

— Matt Brickman (@Matt_Brickman) February 20, 2019

The Wednesday morning snow put the Twin Cities over 26.5 inches of snow, all-time the February snow record set back in 1962. The metro is now at 30.4 inches of snow, and counting. (By the way, the last time Minnesota saw over 30 inches of snow in a single month, the Metrodome roof collapsed.)

Indeed, the snow was so heavy at the airport Wednesday that it had to close all of its runways temporarily until conditions improved, prompting delays. As of writing, only one runway is open.

Just the threat of another snowstorm Wednesday prompted hundreds of schools across Minnesota to cancel or delay classes. Among the districts that closed schools were Minneapolis Public Schools and St. Paul Public Schools.

The heaviest snow hit the Twin Cities during the morning rush and lasted for hours. Commuters had to deal with snow-covered roads and low visibility. Metro Transit reported bus delays, and the Minnesota State Patrol reported more than 300 crashes and spinouts on state roads.

Troopers are responding to crashes and vehicles off the road across the state.
???? Slow down.
???? Increase your following distance.
???? Buckle up.
???? Keep the cruise off.
???? Lights on.#mnwx pic.twitter.com/VbCRC7bG0U

— MN State Patrol (@MnDPS_MSP) February 20, 2019

The snowstorm is expected to leave the Twin Cities with up to 10 inches of snow by Wednesday evening.

Already, both Minneapolis and St. Paul have declared snow emergencies, with rules slated to go into effect Wednesday night.

Looking ahead, there's no snow-melting warmup in the future. Only more snow.

Light snow is expected in the Twin Cities Friday and another significant snowstorm (possibly even bigger than Wednesday's) is tracking toward central Minnesota on Saturday.

According to meteorologist Matt Brickman, this February is already one of the top 10 snowiest months the Twin Cities has ever seen. Additionally, if about seven more inches of snow falls in the next eight days, this month will be the snowiest the metro has experienced in more than 30 years.

As for the all-time monthly snowfall record, that's unlikely to be broken. That record was set in the wake of the 1991 Halloween Blizzard, when 46.9 inches of snow was recorded that November.

Top 10 Snowiest Months in the Twin Cities

1.) 46.9" Nov 1991
2.) 46.4" Jan 1982
3.) 40.0" Mar 1950
4.) 37.1" Mar 1965
5.) 36.8" Mar 1985
6.) 35.3" Jan 1967
7.) 33.6" Dec 2010
8.) 33.2" Dec 1969
9.) 33.1" Jan 1999
10.) 30.4" Feb 2019 (so far)

— Matt Brickman (@Matt_Brickman) February 20, 2019

Minneapolis Police Name Kenneth Lilly As Suspect In I-35W School Bus Shooting
minnesota
February 5, 2019 / 10:00 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- A school bus driver was shot and a suspect was arrested after a minor crash on southbound Interstate 35W near downtown Minneapolis Tuesday afternoon.

Police were called to the interchange of I-35W and I-94 near Chicago Avenue at about 2:21 p.m. on a report of a snowy fender bender. Witnesses say after both vehicle pulled off to the shoulder, the suspect got out of his vehicle and began firing several rounds at the small bus, one of which hit the driver.

Interstate 35W School Bus Shooting 
(credit: CBS)
A student seated in the back of the bus was unharmed. Police call the incident especially reckless.

"This raises immense concern on so many levels. The fact that someone is shooting into a school bus, the fact that you're on a freeway where you have vehicles that are literally stranded because of the weather. You don't have a clear back drop for any of these round. This is mind numbing," said Minneapolis Police Spokesperson John Elder.

The Minnesota State Patrol reports finding a weapon on 31-year-old Kenneth Lilly, who was taken into custody.

The bus driver was taken to Hennepin Health where he underwent surgery. Police said he suffered non-life threatening injuries and was able to talk with officers.

According to online criminal records, Lilly has only a parking ticket and traffic ticket. Police continue to investigate what led up to the shooting.

Child Thrown From Mall Of America Balcony; Suspect Emmanuel Aranda Has Past Convictions Connected To Mall
minnesota
April 12, 2019 / 9:19 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- A child was rushed to a hospital Friday morning after reportedly being thrown from a balcony at the Mall of America, and one person has been taken into custody.

A witness at the Bloomington mall told WCCO that a woman was screaming that someone threw her child from the third floor balcony. This was near the southeast corner of the mall.

"She was screaming 'Everyone pray, everyone pray. Oh my God, my baby, someone threw him over the edge,'" Brian Johnson said.

Bloomington Police reported that the victim was 5 years old.

A source at the scene told WCCO that the person who threw, or possibly pushed, the child fled the mall and was apprehended near the light rail station. Later Friday afternoon, police identified the suspect as 24-year-old Emmanuel Deshawn Aranda, who is from the metro area.

Emmanuel Deshawn Aranda 
Emmanuel Aranda (credit: Bloomington Police)
Police said they do not, at this time, believe Aranda to have been related to the victim or known by the family. The police chief said this appears to have been an isolated incident, and there is no threat to the public.

Aranda, who is being held on suspected attempted homicide, had been banned from Mall of America in the past, and was charged and convicted of misdemeanors in two separate incidents at the mall in 2015. In July of that year, Aranda was charged with causing damage inside stores, throwing items off of a balcony to a lower level and resisting arrest. Aranda was then charged in October of that year for throwing a glass of water and a glass of tea at a woman inside of Twin City Grill after she refused to buy him food.

Aranda was also charged in August of 2015 with destroying computers in a north Minneapolis library. According to the criminal complaint, Aranda told officers that "he has some anger issues," and that, "it does not happen all the time."

The police department is working with the Hennepin County Sheriff's Office crime lab to investigate the incident, and they are also working with the mall to determine if any surveillance video exists of the incident.

Emergency crews could be seen performing CPR on the child in the southeast corner of the mall. A large amount of blood was on the floor.

Mall Of America Fall 
(credit: CBS)
Allina Health officials said an ambulance took the child to Children's Hospital in Minneapolis, and his family joined him in the afternoon.

Metro Transit interrupted Blue Line service into or out of the mall due to the police activity, but as of 11:30 a.m. had restored service on the light rail trains.

Aranda is being held by Bloomington Police Friday night, but they are expected to transfer him to the custody of the Hennepin County Sheriff's Department on Saturday.

Minnesota Model, Halima Aden, Makes History As The 1st To Wear Burkini In Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
minnesota
April 29, 2019 / 11:18 AM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO)-- A Minnesota woman is breaking boundaries in the modeling world, becoming the first model to wear a hijab and burkini for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit.

Twenty-one-year-old Halima Aden was born in the Kakuma Refugee Camp in Kenya, but she grew up near St. Cloud, Minnesota.

The Somali-American model made history back in 2016 for becoming the first fully-covered Muslim woman to compete in the Miss Minnesota pageant.

RELATED: Halima Aden Makes Semifinals Of Miss Minnesota Pageant

Aden went on to sign with IMG models.

In 2017, she made her New York Fashion Week debut in Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show.


RELATED: Wearing Hijab, Halima Aden Makes New York Fashion Week Debut

Now, the Minnesota model is making history once again with Sports Illustrated Swimsuit.

According to Sports Illustrated, for Aden's SI Swimsuit rookie spread, the model traveled to her birth country where she shot at Watuma Beach with photographer Yu Tsai.

"To grow up to live the American dream [and] to come back to Kenya and shoot for SI in the most beautiful parts of Kenya–I don't think that's a story that anybody could make up," Aden told Sports Illustrated during her shoot.


Aden will be featured in the May 8 issue.

Ilhan Omar Vows To Keep Being A 'Nightmare' For President Trump
minnesota
July 19, 2019 / 12:05 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Rep. Ilhan Omar says she isn't backing down from criticizing President Donald Trump.

Omar arrived back in Minnesota Thursday night to a throng of supporters chanting "welcome home Ilhan" -- a rebuke to the call by some Trump supporters to "send her back."

The racist chant, targeted at the Minnesota congresswomen, echoed throughout a Greenville crowd Wednesday night at the president's North Carolina campaign rally. It has since gained national criticism, causing Ilhan supporters to rally to the congresswomen's defense.


At the airport, Omar addressed Trump's taunts.

"The reality is he is threatened because we are inspiring people to dream about a country that recognizes their dignity and their humanity," Omar said.

The congresswomen added that she has no plans to back down.

"His nightmare is seeing a Somali immigrant refugee rise to Congress. His nightmare is seeing the beautiful mosaic fabric of our country welcome someone like me as their member of Congress home to Minnesota," said Omar. "And so we are going to continue to be a nightmare to this president."

RELATED: Rep. Ilhan Omar Fires Back 'I Am Where I Belong' After Trump 'Send Her Back' Rally

Trump commented on the issue saying that said he didn't support the "send her back" chants.

"I was not happy with it. I disagree with it. But again, I didn't say that– they did," he said.

On Friday, Trump also tweeted about the racist chants, comparing them to the "vile and disgusting statements" made by members of "the Squad.'

RELATED: Ilhan Omar Speaks About 'Medicare For All'At Minneapolis Town Hall

The congresswoman received a prolonged standing ovation at a long-scheduled town hall in Minneapolis Thursday night. She addressed the controversy only briefly.

"I know there are a lot of people who are trying to distract us, but I want you all to know that we are not going to let them," Omar said.

Undercover Twin Cities Sex Trafficking Operation Results In 11 Arrests, 18 Victims Recovered
minnesota
July 5, 2019 / 2:09 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Eleven people are in custody following an undercover operation targeting sex trafficking in the Twin Cities.

According to the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, its Human Trafficking Investigators Task Force conducted the two-day undercover operation this week, and targeted those who are looking to buy or sell people for sex.

In the operation, 18 trafficking victims were recovered from trafficking situations and offered help through victim services.

Three people were arrested for sex trafficking and promotion of prostitution while eight people were arrested for solicitation of a minor or solicitation of prostitution under 16 years of age.

To report suspected trafficking or find victim resources closest to you, click here.

Minnesota Weather: Temperatures Dip To 37 Degrees In International Falls, Breaking 121-Year-Old Record
minnesota
July 30, 2019 / 6:59 AM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – While the calendar says Minnesota is in the middle of summer, it felt like fall in northern Minnesota on Tuesday morning.

A new daily low temperature record was set in International Falls, where the mercury dipped to 37 degrees, breaking the record (38 degrees) set back in 1898.

A new record low up north this morning. 37° in @Int_Falls_MN, breaks the old record of 38° that stood since 1898. #mnwx pic.twitter.com/S3atMQtLAD

— Matt Brickman (@Matt_Brickman) July 30, 2019

Typically, low temperatures in International Fall, which sits along the Minnesota-Canada border, hover around the mid-50s this time of year.

Temperatures in the area don't typically reach the 30s until late September, early October.

In the Twin Cities, temperatures were cool Tuesday morning but not record-breaking. Highs Tuesday are expected to be below average, in the mid-70s, despite sunny skies.

R. Kelly Charged With 2 Sex Crimes In Hennepin County, Attorney Speaks
minnesota
August 5, 2019 / 10:00 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Sitting in a New York jail cell, disgraced singer R. Kelly learned he now faces sex crime charges here in Minnesota. The alleged crimes are said to have happened in July of 2001, when the victim was 17.

Kelly faces two charges of prostitution involving a minor.

At the City Center 18 years ago, Kelly hosted an autograph session before his upcoming concert. Investigators say the victim waited in line for his signature-- a meeting that prosecutors say would lead to a paid sexual encounter.

Already facing a multitude of sex crime charges from Illinois to New York, the three-time Grammy winner can add two more-- at the hands of Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman.

"Minnesota victims deserve their day in court and that's one of the reasons we're here," Freeman said.

While on tour in 2001, court documents say Kelly held an autograph session at the city center in Minneapolis where he would meet a 17-year-old fan. But instead of just his signature, he gave the girl his phone number. She called and was directed to a downtown Minneapolis hotel where Kelly was staying, then she was ushered up to his room.

"After some discussion, she was offered $200 to take her clothes off and to dance before him," Freeman said. "She accepted $200. He got naked and they proceeded to dance."

Court documents say Kelly then gave the 17-year-old VIP seating at his concert at the Orpheum. It wasn't until January of this year that the victim contacted a tip line in Chicago to share her story-- one that eventually was investigated by Minneapolis police.

Civil rights lawyer Gloria Allred represents the now-adult woman and emphasized that her client is not and was not a prostitute.

"Anyone who is underage who has been the victim of sexual abuse by Mr. Kelly is exactly that-- a victim," Allred said.

After the charges were announced, Kelly's attorney Steve Greenberg tweeted: "Give me a break. This is beyond absurd."

He then spoke with WCCO over the phone, saying, "I don't think that there's any chance that you're ever going to see R. Kelly face these charges. Like I said, I think it's just a publicity play by a prosecutor."

"Assuming that the encounter occurred at all-- which I think suspicious and I'd be skeptical in any event-- it doesn't say he ever knew that this girl was 17," Greenberg continued. "They had no sex. It doesn't say that he ever paid her for sex which is the essence of a prostitution charge, or that he told her she had to engage in any kind of sexual activity. The whole thing is just some prosecutor who wants to get his face on TV."

Greenberg said, to his knowledge, Kelly is unaware of the new charges. He said Kelly does not have phone privileges at the New York jail and will return to Chicago in the coming days where Greenberg will inform Kelly of the charges.

Freeman was asked about the statute of limitations in this case. He said because Kelly left the state after the encounter in 2001, the toll doesn't begin until he returns to Minnesota for a full three years. They do not believe in the 18 years since the incident that Kelly has visited the state for a total of three years.

"It's a policy reason, because someone fled. They committed a crime and they fled so they wouldn't get caught for committing a crime. There's no crime here, there's not flight, so again, (Freeman is) perverting the intent of the statute of limitations. He's perverting the intent to the exception. He really just ought to be ashamed of himself," Greenberg said.

WCCO asked Greenberg how he will proceed given the other charges Kelly faces.

"I don't think that there's any chance that you're ever going see R. Kelly face these charges. Like I said, I think it's just a publicity play by a prosecutor. No one's going to ever try this case. First of all, after we beat the cases in Illinois and New York, if he still wants to take us on then, then so be it.  But he's not going to win that case."

Fmr. Viking Barry Bennett & Wife Found Murdered In Long Prairie; FBI Seeks Their Son
minnesota
August 22, 2019 / 9:41 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Multiple sources tell WCCO-TV the two adults found dead Wednesday in a rural Long Prairie home were Barry and Carol Bennett.

Barry played in the NFL as a defensive lineman, including one year with the Minnesota Vikings in 1988.

The Todd County Sheriff's Office says officers are looking for 22-year-old Dylan Bennett. He is believed to be driving a blue 2018 Hyundai Santa Fe with the license plate: BCK487.

Investigators named him as a suspect after a call came in Wednesday afternoon about a dead man at a home in rural Long Prairie. When deputies got to the scene, they found two adults dead inside the home. The sheriff's office said the circumstances were suspicious.

Neighbors say Dylan was the victim's youngest son.

"Carol and Barry, after their first four, they had a few years and they adopted their last two. They just had more love to give," said Darcy Pesta, who has lived next door to the Bennett's for over two decades. "They were just ... we couldn't ask for anything more for neighbors ... our friends."

Barry was a retired high school teacher and football coach. However, friends say he was very humble about his pro-football roots.

"He never mentioned that he was a NFL player. When I found out I was like, 'What?' And it's because he was about the other person, making sure he was bringing out the best in them," said Amy Middendorf, a friend of the Bennett Family.

The FBI was called in to assist in the investigation because the Todd County Sheriff's office believes Dylan has already left the state of Minnesota.

The public is not believed to be in danger.

'We Are Going To See More Cases': MDH Confirms Minnesota's 1st Known Case Of Vaping-Related Death
minnesota
September 6, 2019 / 8:33 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- The vaping sickness epidemic that's sweeping the country has killed a Minnesotan.

The Minnesota Department of Health announced Friday the patient died last month in the hospital.

At least 32 other e-cigarette users in Minnesota have gotten sick, and as the mysterious outbreak grows, the Centers from Disease Control and Prevention is urging everyone to consider stopping vaping altogether.

READ MORE: MDH Investigates 27 Cases Of Severe Lung Injury Potentially Caused By Vaping

The death in Minnesota is just one of only four vaping-related deaths in the entire United States.

"It is very concerning," said Dr. Ruth Lynfield from the MDH. "Why we are seeing this now is a great question."

The deceased person, who was older than 65, had a history of lung disease, and their fatal lung injury was related to vaping illicit THC products. Lynfield says the use of black market THC is the thread linking the cases being investigated in Minnesota -- but she admits researchers don't know the exact cause.

"We are going to see more cases," Lynfield said.

E-Cigarette Vaping Generic 
(credit: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
They are now collecting and sending the illegal products to the FDA to be tested. Doctors are also looking at all the cases nationally to try and figure out what's going on.

"Is it a particular chemical that is causing it? Is it the dose? The duration? The frequency?" she said.

It's that uncertainty from state leaders that has those in the vaping industry pushing back.

"I think the concern is when the department of health puts out these vague warnings, saying we're not sure what's involved," said Cap O'Rourke of the Midwest Vaping Coalition. "If they are pretty vague, then very few people are going to take action on them."

READ MORE: 'The Guinea Pig Generation': Vaping Dangers In The Spotlight At State Fair

O'Rourke says it's not how people are using the devices -- it's the unregulated products they are using in them.

"Don't buy products off the street," O'Rourke said.

He advises only buying and using merchandise from licensed stores, like Smokeless Smoking in northeast Minneapolis.

"These are products that are regulated by the FDA right now," he said. "Go to a store that sells vapor products, they tend to be the people who have the most experience."

The average age of patients being treated for vaping-related illness in Minnesota is 26.

At this point, none of the cases in Minnesota have been associated with use of cannabis vaping products sold solely through the state's medical marijuana program.

Meanwhile, the Indiana State Department of Health on Friday also announced a death due to severe lung injury linked to vaping. There were also deaths reported in Illinois and Oregon.

Man Fatally Shot By Police After Livestreaming Pursuit In Edina, Richfield
minnesota
September 8, 2019 / 10:09 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A 30-year-old man was shot and killed by police Saturday night in Richfield following a live-streamed vehicle pursuit that began in Edina. Officers say he confronted them with a knife after exiting the car.

Police say the man, identified as Brian Quinones of Richfield, was shot near the intersection of 77th Street East and Chicago Avenue around 10:22 p.m. The incident involved officers from Edina and Richfield, none of which were hurt.

"He was a musician, he was a barber – he was just such a humble person," Joshua Quinones said of his older brother, Brian.

Fighting back tears, Joshua was overcome with emotion as he talked about Brian, who less than 24 hours earlier was killed by police near the very spot where candles and balloons now serve as a memorial.

"(Brian) had suicidal thoughts. That was it. He had it all planned out. That was his plan," Joshua said.

Joshua Quinones 
Joshua Quinones (credit: CBS)
Authorities are also investigating a Facebook Live video. The video shows a man driving and listening to music when he abruptly gets exits the car. A few seconds later, several gunshots can be heard.

On Facebook, Brian posted "So sorry" before starting the Facebook Live stream. Joshua said his brother texted him those same words. The two then talked on the phone.

"I heard the sadness in his voice," Joshua said.

When Brian hung up, Joshua said, "I told my sister we gotta go to the apartment. We gotta go to (Brian's) apartment and see if he's OK. We went over there and he wasn't there and then that's when my sister went on Facebook and he had the Facebook Live. She was texting him like, 'Don't do anything stupid.'"

Joshua feels officers should have used a Taser to subdue him instead of firing their guns.

At a vigil Sunday evening near the spot where Quinones was killed, people prayed with hopes of giving strength to his wife and their son as calls for justice echoed down the block.

Family and friends of Brian Quinones gathering near the spot where he was killed last night. The mother of their child just arrived, extremely distraught. His brother feels police could've handled things differently last night. @WCCO pic.twitter.com/EC8v7RzRav

— Jeff Wagner (@Jeff_Wagner4) September 8, 2019
Hassan Qerei, who was at the vigil, said he worked with Quinones at General Mills. He was wearing a hoodie bearing the letters BTMC. Quinones was a rapper who went by the name "Blessed The MC." Qerei said he struggled to watch the Facebook Live video.

Brian Quinones 
Brian Quinones Facebook Live (credit: Facebook)
"I was just thinking (Quinones) just making, recording a new video clip for his music or something. I can't believe what happened," he said.

Many who attended the vigil then marched in protest on Interstate 494, stopping traffic for a half-hour.

The Hennepin County Sheriff's Office is leading the investigation.

On Sunday night, both cities released statements regarding the shooting.

"The City of Edina grieves alongside the family of the deceased, the officers involved and their families, and the Richfield and Edina communities," a statement from the City of Edina reads in part.

"On behalf of the City Council and staff, our thoughts are with the family of the deceased, the officers involved and their families, and our community. The loss of life in any shooting is a tragedy," the City of Richfield said in a statement.

Protesters 
(credit: CBS)
The Law Enforcement Labor Services, which is the union that represents officers in Richfield, also released a statement.

"We do know this was a tragedy," Sean Gormley Gormley, executive director of LELS, said in part. "We know family and friends of the deceased are grieving. We know lives are changed forever. These are some of the most difficult scenarios officers will ever face in their careers. No officer ever reports for duty hoping to be involved in something like this. Our focus should be on all those who are hurting right now and need support."

20 Arrested, 18 Charged In Brutal Downtown Minneapolis Robberies
minnesota
September 16, 2019 / 11:59 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Twenty people arrested, 18 of them now charged -- all connected to brutal robberies in downtown Minneapolis.

The attacks were caught on surveillance video, taking place in August. Police say groups of people would target one person, assault them, and often to take their cellphone and wallet. The 18 suspects range in age from 15 to 27.

Walking alone is all part of Sneh Bhakta's commute in downtown Minneapolis.

"It does make me feel singled out because all the time I am alone," Bhakta said. "And like when I commute at 6 in the morning, I am by myself, at the train station I'm alone."

His concerns grew upon seeing the disturbing robberies caught on tape, occurring near the places he walks. At about 4 a.m. on August 17, at the intersection of 5th Street and Hennepin Avenue, a man stands by himself while looking down at his phone. Slowly but surely, people approach him to talk. Eventually he is surrounded, beaten and left unconscious -- all so the thieves could take his phone and wallet. A GoFundMe page has been set up for that victim.

A few weeks earlier outside Target Field, another group targets a man who is alone in broad daylight. They attack him, and even ride a bike over his body -- all to steal his belongings.

Police said during a three-week stretch in August, 48 robberies were reported in downtown with 23 happening in one week.

From January 1 to August 26 in 2018, police said there were 156 robberies downtown. During that same span in 2019 there were 240 -- an increase of 53.8%.

Minneapolis Cellphone Robberies Suspects 
Half of the suspects charged in the robberies. Top row (lt to rt: Alexis Dillard-Grayer, Adrian Cooper, Ade Davis. Middle row (lt to rt: Cornell Parker, Boris Lusmbo, Antonio Morrow. Bottom row (lt to rt): Vincent Nelson, Kareem Shavers, Jamar Robinson (credit: Hennepin Co. Jail)
Most of the robberies are taking place along between 3rd and 6th Street, as well as Hennepin and 2nd Avenue. The key time is from 10 p.m. to 3 a.m.

Police said the criminals in the recent cases "finesse" the victim. They search for easy targets, typically someone who is intoxicated, alone, and looking at their phone.

"Many of these juveniles that are affected by this are part of just coming out of incarceration and they don't have any hope at home, there's nothing there, and so they come downtown where there's a little bit of everything and they're waiting on somebody to prey on," said V.J. Smith, founder of MAD DADS Minneapolis.

The organization is an outreach group that fills downtown every weekend. They will do everything from break up fights to feed people, but most importantly be the adult figure at-risk youth might be missing in their lives. Many of those arrested for the robberies are juveniles who MAD DADS workers have interacted with.

"These people in the community that are doing this, we have to have some consequences for this, but we also have to get to the heart of it. What's wrong? What's your problem? Is it education? Is it mental health? What is it and let's treat it and let's fix it," he said.

After the recent arrests, police said robberies dropped to just three in one week earlier this month. Regardless, Bhakta plans to keep his guard up.

"It's still challenging to feel, like, safe, because I'm always kind of vigilant about my surroundings, and if something doesn't happen to me, it might happen to someone else and just being aware of that," Bhakta said.

President Trump Attacks Familiar Targets At Minneapolis Rally
minnesota
October 10, 2019 / 10:30 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO/AP) -- President Donald Trump was defiant in the face of an impeachment probe Thursday as he sought to convert the threat to his presidency into a weapon on the campaign trail, with biting and unsupported attacks on potential Democratic challenger Joe Biden.

It's Trump's first campaign rally since the Democratic-controlled House launched an impeachment inquiry over his dealings with Ukraine. The president denies any wrongdoing and says he won't cooperate with the investigation unless the rules are fair.

The rally, scheduled before House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., announced the impeachment investigation, came at a pivotal moment for Trump. His campaign strategy is focused on motivating his core supporters, rather than trying to win over a diminishing number of undecided voters, and the resonance of his appeal to the faithful may determine his second-term chances.

Trump took the stage to the strains Lee Greenwood's "God Bless The U.S.A." before telling the crowd that 20,000 people were inside Target Center at that moment they had set a new attendance record, though reporters have pointed out that then-Sen. Barack Obama had drawn 20,000 at a 2008 rally.

Trump predicted that he will win Minnesota in 2020, a state that slipped away from him in the last election. Trump fell about 45,000 votes short of beating Democrat Hillary Clinton statewide in 2016. He has had staff in the state since June building a network to turn out supporters next November.

Trump also took time out to attack some of the targets he often speaks out against, including the media, pointing them out as the crowd booed.

"Look at all that media. They are so dishonest and frankly they are so bad for our country," Trump said.

He later told the Minneapolis crowd, "You've got a rotten mayor. You've got to change your mayor. You've got a bad mayor." Later in the evening, he once again attacked Rep. Ilhan Omar, calling her an "America-hating socialist. She minimized the September 11th attack on our homeland." He then told Minnesotans, "I'm very angry at you people right now."

Omar responded on Twitter, "His hate is no match for our movement."

Trump eventually addressed impeachment inquiries, and said that Democrats were pursuing an "insane impeachment witch-hunt" over a "perfect" phone call with the Ukraine president. He said that the "brazen attempt" by Democrats was a move to "overthrow the government" that would result in a political backlash at the ballot box like "has never been seen before."

"Cops love Trump, Trump loves cops," Trump said, in reference to the local controversy over police officers being told they were not allowed to attend the rally in uniform. Instead, many wore red shirts to the rally bearing the phrase "Cops for Trump."

Trump took time out to throw taunts at Hunter Biden, the son of former Vice-President Joe Biden, saying to the group dressed in "Cops for Trump" shirts that there ought to be a shirt reading "Where's Hunter?"

Trump was by his own admission fired up and off script as he spoke for more than 90 minutes. Few of his political opponents were spared from insults. He said Biden "was only a good vice president because he knew how to kiss Barack Obama's ass." He said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was "really stupid."

Speaking before Trump were his son, Eric Trump, and Vice President Mike Pence.

Eric Trump warmed up the Minneapolis rally crowd for his father Thursday night. He asked the crowd for an assessment of how Hunter Biden is feeling and suggested that the familiar Trump rally chant of "Lock her up" — directed at Hillary Clinton — become "Lock him up." The crowd then chanted, "Lock him up, lock him up."

Eric Trump has been pushing baseless claims that Biden and his son Hunter traded on the family name to earn millions from governments in Ukraine and China.

"It's going to take at least four more years to drain that swamp." #TrumpMinneapolis pic.twitter.com/ZzVmX1C6SR

— WCCO - CBS Minnesota (@WCCO) October 11, 2019
Protesters converged on Target Center, Minneapolis' basketball arena, hours before Trump's appearance, eventually packing the streets surrounding it. Many blew brightly colored whistles handed out by fellow protesters, adding to the din of frequent chants like, "Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!" — referring to Trump himself. Some clutched helium-filled balloons depicting Trump as a baby, similar to the famed Baby Trump balloon that flew above a nearby building.

Lora Torgerson of suburban Inver Grove Heights clutched a sign that read "Liar Liar Diaper on fire."

"I'm a registered GOP member, and I've never been more ashamed of our party," she said. "I didn't vote for him."

Inside the arena, Lori Glass, a longtime Republican from White Bear Lake, a Twin Cities suburb, dismissed the talking of impeachment with one word: "Ridiculous."

"He's done so much for the country," she said, citing the economy as Trump's top accomplishment. Democrats are pressing for impeachment because "they don't have a good candidate," she said.

On Friday, Trump planned a rally in Louisiana against Democratic Gov. John Bel Edwards. Aides said Trump is not endorsing one of the GOP candidates in the race before Saturday's election to maximize the chances that Edwards falls below the 50 percent threshold needed to avoid a runoff.

Next week Trump is set to hold a rally in Dallas, a GOP stronghold in a state that has grown more competitive for Democrats in recent cycles.

Ethan Haus, 6, Found Safe After Going Missing For Nearly 10 Hours Near Becker
minnesota
October 16, 2019 / 10:57 PM CDT / CBS Minnesota


BECKER, Minn. (WCCO) – A 6-year-old boy is safe Wednesday morning thanks to a massive search effort overnight that ended after a drone with a thermal camera spotted the child and his dog in a cornfield north of the Twin Cities.

The Sherburne County Sheriff's Office says Ethan Haus was found around 2 a.m. in a field not far from his home in Palmer Township, which is just north of Becker. He had disappeared late Tuesday afternoon and was missing for nearly 10 hours before being found.

Truly incredible video of the moment rescue teams on the ground confirmed what a volunteers drone saw. A deputy told the ground team where to go, and six-year-old Ethan's dog started whining, which led them the rest of the way. Technology is amazing when in the right hands. @wcco pic.twitter.com/ZoWoOtO371

— Christiane Cordero (@ChristianeWCCO) October 16, 2019

Ethan was brought to a hospital early Wednesday morning. Authorities say he was cold overnight, when temperatures were in the low 40s, but otherwise OK.

Sheri Haus, Ethan's mother, describes her boy as "fun." She says Ethan and their family dog, Remington, are nearly inseparable.

"They're just buddies. He's his best buddy. They're just like that," Sheri Haus said.

And just like that, Ethan and Remington did what they've never done before -- playing all the way into an unfamiliar part of the neighborhood.

"[It was] a little bit [scary]" Ethan Haus said.

It was, at the very least, cold and dark when the sun set in Clear Lake Tuesday night. All the more motivation to get to work, into Wednesday morning.

Ethan Haus and his dog Remy 
Ethan Haus and Remington (credit: CBS)
"We never thought so many people would come. We asked for help, and people came from all over," Haus said.

Some 600 volunteers turned out to help search for Ethan, who went missing just after 4 p.m. after getting off his school bus and running off to play with his dog. After Ethan's family couldn't find him, the call for help was issued.

One of those volunteers, Steve Fines, who owns the drone imaging company Fines Imaging, brought a drone with a thermal camera. The device spotted Ethan and the family dog in a field east of the family's home that had already been searched by volunteers. Fines said he had never used a drone in a search operation before.

"I couldn't go to bed knowing that I hadn't done something," Fines said. "[Searchers] were not walking to the site, they were running, you know. You could hear them breathing heavily and crashing through bush and through the cornfields and everything, and then there was a lot of yelling."

And then a lot of thanking, from the volunteers who showed up, to the dog who stayed with his best buddy.

"It was a moment that was going to make his parents so happy, and vicariously we all felt that," Fines said.

The county sheriff thanked all the volunteers and law enforcement agencies that responded to the search for Ethan.

"This truly was the epitome of a community caring for its own," Brott said, in a statement. "To see the outpouring of support in such a short time period to come out and help find this boy and his dog is heartwarming."

'I Did It! I Did It!': Young Hunter With Down Syndrome Bags His 1st Buck
minnesota
November 11, 2019 / 10:00 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Last weekend was opening weekend for deer rifle hunters in Minnesota -- and it was a hunt to remember for a Twin Cities family.

Nineteen-year-old Pierce Pennaz has Down syndrome, and thanks to a new law he was able to go hunting with his dad and bag his first buck in Jackson County.

"We got up Saturday morning, early, 5 a.m. We got Pierce roused out of bed, got him dressed for the weather," said Steve Pennaz.

Despite being under the weather, Pierce and his dad waited for hours before a six-point buck happened by.

"I had no idea where it came from. All I know is I said, 'Pierce, there's a buck,'" said Steve. "He had about a 120-yard shot, which is a long shot for a 20-gauge, and he made a perfect hit on the deer."

Pierce Pennaz 
Pierce Pennaz with his buck (credit: Pennaz Family)
It was a magical moment dad and son weren't able to share a year ago. Pierce was part of an apprentice program where you can hunt with a parent or guardian for two years. The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources told Steve that to be able to hunt after that, his son needed to pass a firearms safety course. So Steve asked for help, hoping for a way Pierce could continue to hunt with him.

"I wanted to extend the apprentice period so that when we hunt, he's right here," said Steve.

Thanks to Rep. Jim Nash of Waconia and other lawmakers, a bill extending the apprentice program became law last spring -- and that had Pierce looking forward to fall.

"Pierce was screaming, 'I got him! I got him! I did it! I did it!'" said Steve.

It wasn't a trophy buck, but for father and son, it was still a treasure. The video of Pierce's first deer spread across Facebook.

"I woke up Sunday morning and I admit I was crying," said Steve. "I just said what an amazing experience, and what an amazing young man."

Minnesotans Dig Out After Pre-Thanksgiving Snow Storm
minnesota
November 27, 2019 / 6:00 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) --  It's the first major snowfall of the year and even on the same street, you'll find a wide range of Minnesota emotions.

"It's so pretty and it's warm. Kids are having a great time," said Amy Arcand. "We are going to build a snowman in the front yard."

"Heavy, thick, sloppy, nasty. I don't want to deal with it but if we don't want to deal with it let's move to Florida or somewhere where it's warm," said Greg Larson.

Florida definitely didn't get eight-and-a-half inches like what fell in Brooklyn Center. Snowblowers and shovels took care of streets and sidewalks.

Snow removal also kept businesses, busy.

"It's rock n roll time here in Minnesota for sure," said Stephen Rubenstein of Top Golf. "We are plowing the field, we are clearing nets. We are trying to recover as many balls as we possibly can."

About 20 Topgolf employees worked through the night, clearing snow. It's just part of winter golf in the bold north.

When it snows this much Topgolf has to adjust in other ways as well. There are actually people working inside the targets, removing snow so when the golf balls land inside the scores still register.

"I was wondering how that worked. How they were able to clear all of that. But they've done a great job getting it ready for today," said golfer Debbie Trent.

One storm down and it's unclear how many more await. Even when the streets are covered in snow, some people still choose to take the high road.

"I was supposed to go to school this morning, but I didn't. It got cancelled. Which is good because now I can spend more time with my family," said Arcand.

'It Touched All Of Us': Community Reeling From Triple Murder-Suicide That Left Kjersten Schladetzky & Her 2 Sons Dead
minnesota
December 2, 2019 / 10:23 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- For many in south Minneapolis, it's hard if not impossible to describe the terrible sadness and shock in wake of Sunday's triple homicide and suicide.

The horrific scene played out around 10 a.m. Sunday at the home on the 2700 block of Oakland Avenue South. Neighbors witnessed two boys, ages 8 and 11, as they were shot out on the yard by their 53-year-old father, David Schladetzky.

David and Kjersten Schladetzky, 39, were recently divorced; it was finalized in Hennepin County court on June 20. The couple agreed to joint custody of their two boys.

Shooting Victims - Kjersten Schladetzky 
Kjersten Schladetzky and her 2 sons (credit: Facebook)(credit: Facebook)
Neighbor Erik Wiltscheck says he saw David shoot his sons, William and Nelson, in the front yard with their backpacks on. Wiltscheck was begging Schladetzky to stop.

"I had no doubt it was the dad when I was on the 911 [call]. I was saying, 'The dad's shooting his kids,'" Wiltscheck said. "I will relive this over and over and over again."

David then went inside and shot Kjersten, before turning the gun on himself.

Neighbor Eric Stiver saw the aftermath from his bedroom window.

"That was the hardest, seeing that, them laying out in the snow," Stiver said.

The shooting led to a standoff with police officers and SWAT teams, lasting several hours. Crime scene investigators and detectives were at the scene well into the night, hours after the tragic incident came to its conclusion.

Dozens of people gathered outside of the home Monday evening for a vigil organized by the outreach group A Mother's Love.

"God, we need you to send the spirit of comfort right now," said K.G. Wilson of A Mother's Love. "Lord God, we just come to you right now, God, with broken hearts."

Confusion, anger, sadness are just a few of the emotions motivating this group to grieve together over the loss of a family to domestic-related gun violence. Several Minneapolis Police officers attended the vigil, including Sgt. Deitan Dubuc.

"I responded [Sunday] and I was on scene for a few hours. And I have kids myself. It touched all of us," Dubuc said.

Trying to understand how someone could kill their family members, especially kids, weighed on so many in the neighborhood.

David Schladetzky, Kjersten Schladetzky and their 2 sons 
David Schladetzky, Kjersten Schladetzky and their 2 sons .(credit: Facebook)
"That was the first thing I thought about, too," said Wilson. "I was like 'Oh my God,' I couldn't imagine this being like one of my grandchildren or one of my children."

A Mother's Love organized the vigil in part to raise awareness about domestic violence issues, such as the fatal shooting of a woman in north Minneapolis on Thanksgiving. Lisa Clemons of A Mother's Love said that victim was gunned down in front of her 2-year-old daughter.

"Now we stand on this very spot where a mom, regardless of her color, was gunned down with her children," Clemons said. "What do we do about that? What do we say to our kids?"

It's a conversation the Minneapolis Police Department is ready to help guide, noting that chaplains are available to those who need one, especially those who witnessed the shooting.

"I think the most important part is for people to understand they're not alone, and it's important to come out and reach out for the help because we're here," said Sgt. Dubuc.

WCCO contacted Kjersten Schladetzky's employer of the past five years, Tessitura Network. It is a nonprofit company providing software services to museums, art galleries and other institutions. CEO Jack Rubin gave this statement to WCCO:

We are completely shocked, stunned and saddened. Kjersten was a kind and thoughtful colleague, a mentor to many. So well respected and valued across the company. Our thoughts are with her family. We are completely shocked and stunned, saddened. Kjersten was a kind and thoughtful colleague, a mentor to many.  So well respected and valued across the company. Our thoughts are with her family.

Minneapolis Public Schools can't confirm the boys were students, but said that in tragedies of this nature, they do provide counseling and grief support help to the affected students and staff.

For those suffering from depression and suicidal thoughts, there is help available at the National Suicide Prevention Hotline. Call 1-800-273-8255.

Also available is the hotline from the National Alliance on Mental Illness at 651-645-2948.

The Twin Cities also has several crisis lines:

Anoka: 763-755-3801
Carver/Scott: 952-442-7601
Dakota: 952-891-7171
Washington: 651-777-5222
Hennepin-Adult: 612-596-1223
Hennepin-Child: 612-348-2233
Ramsey-Adult: 651-266-7900

3 Minnesota National Guard Soldiers Killed In Black Hawk Helicopter Crash Near St. Cloud
minnesota
December 5, 2019 / 9:04 PM CST / CBS Minnesota


MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) -- Gov. Tim Walz announced Thursday night that three Army National Guard soldiers were killed in a UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crash in Stearns County.

Minnesota National Guard officials say say the aircraft's three-member crew lost contact with air traffic controllers at St. Cloud Army Aviation Facility at about 2:05 p.m. The crew was conducting a maintenance test flight.

A mayday call was put out, leading to the activation of the Minnesota Aviation Rescue Team (MART), which includes the assistance of St. Paul firefighters and a Minnesota State Patrol helicopter, which found the Black Hawk about 90 minutes after it went missing.

National Guard Black Hawk Crash 
(credit: CBS)
The aircraft was found tangled in trees on a farm in Kimball, located about 16 miles southwest of St. Cloud.

Walz, a former Minnesota National Guard soldier, cancelled the lighting ceremony of the governor's mansion Christmas tree Thursday evening to travel to St. Cloud.

"Words will never ease the pain of this tragic loss, and the state of Minnesota is forever in debt of these warriors," Walz said. "The coming days will be dark and difficult. The state of Minnesota stands at the ready to assist the families of all fallen heroes."

The identities of the victims have not been released. A state lawmaker has said they were members of the 34th Combat Aviation Brigade.

Investigators from the Army Safety Center out of Fort Rucker in Alabama are expected to arrive Friday to begin investigating the cause of the crash.


2019: The year in pictures
News
Entertainment
Sports
The biggest news and the most eye-catching photos from 2019
Warning: Some of the following images contain graphic material. Viewer discretion is advised.
January 1: A man watches New Year's fireworks explode over Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro. Leo Correa/AP

January 4: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and other Democratic congresswomen pose together outside the US Capitol. A record number of women elected to Congress were key to Democrats reclaiming the majority in the House. Erin Schaff/The New York Times/Redux

January 14: A cargo plane crashed while landing at the Fath airport near Karaj, Iran. The crash killed 15 people on board, according to Iranian state media. Hassan Shiravani/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

January 14: US President Donald Trump displays fast food for Clemson University's football team, which was at the White House to celebrate its national championship. The administration said Trump paid for the meal after much of the White House residence staff, including chefs, were furloughed because of the government shutdown. The shutdown lasted 35 days, making it the longest government shutdown in US history. It began in late December after the White House and Congress were at an impasse over money for a border wall. Sarah Silbiger/The New York Times/Redux


January 15: Diver Ocean Ramsey swims next to a great white shark near the Hawaiian island of Oahu. The shark was believed to be Deep Blue, a 20-foot-long female shark that Ramsey had studied years ago in Mexico. It is believed to be one of the largest great whites on the planet. Ramsey said her team had been monitoring tiger sharks feeding when Deep Blue made her surprise appearance. The divers "spent the entire day with her till the sun went down," Ramsey wrote. @JuanSharks/Juan Oliphant/Oneoceandiving.com

January 15: Civilians flee a hotel complex in Nairobi, Kenya, after armed men launched a deadly attack that killed at least 21 people. Kenyan security forces, seen here with guns, battled the extremists to retake control of the compound. Somali militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. Khalil Senosi/AP

January 25: Roger Stone, a longtime Republican campaign adviser and confidant of US President Donald Trump, walks out of a courthouse in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Special counsel Robert Mueller and the US attorney for the District of Columbia accused Stone of lying to congressional investigators about his communications regarding WikiLeaks' publication of stolen emails meant to damage Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign in 2016. Stone pleaded not guilty to seven criminal charges of false statements, witness tampering and obstruction of official proceedings. He was found guilty in November. Lynne Sladky/AP

January 28: Members of a rescue team rest after returning from the site of a deadly dam collapse in Brumadinho, Brazil. Dozens of people were killed after the dam crumbled at an iron ore mine, unleashing a muddy sea of debris that all but buried Brumadinho. Washington Alves/Reuters

February 1: High school seniors preparing to join the Israeli military crawl along sand dunes at a privately run training camp in Herzliya, Israel. Oded Balilty/AP

February 5: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Vice President Mike Pence clap during President Donald Trump’s State of the Union address. Because of the record-long government shutdown, Trump's speech came a week later than originally planned. Doug Mills/The New York Times/Pool/Getty Images

February 20: A Donald Trump mask is seen at Zhangzhen 33's Face Funkey studio in Wuhan, China. The artist also made masks of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ahead of the leaders’ summit in Vietnam. Wang He/Getty Images

February 21: Media members photograph US Sen. Kamala Harris, a Democratic presidential candidate, and the Rev. Al Sharpton as they have lunch at Sylvia's Restaurant in New York. Harris ended her campaign in December. Bebeto Matthews/Pool/Getty Images

February 21: Actor Jussie Smollett leaves a Chicago courthouse after he had been arrested on suspicion of filing a false police report. In January, Smollett told police he was attacked by two people who were "yelling out racial and homophobic slurs" — one of whom tied a rope around his neck and poured bleach on him. Police initially investigated the case as a possible hate crime, but they later said they believed the attack was staged by Smollett to bolster his profile and career. Smollett faced 16 felony disorderly conduct charges, but those charges were dropped after the actor forfeited his bail money and did community service. The prosecutor, First Assistant State's Attorney Joe Magats, said thousands of cases have similar resolutions. Smollett has maintained his innocence, saying he would not put his family "through a fire like this" for a lie. Tannen Maury/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock


February 24: From left, Mark Ronson, Lady Gaga and Anthony Rossomando react after winning the Academy Award for best original song. They won for the song "Shallow," which Gaga performed with Bradley Cooper in the film "A Star Is Born." In pictures: The Academy Awards Eric McCandless/Getty Images

February 26: Hasna'a Qatran, 6, lies next to the body of her sister as she waits to be rescued from the rubble of a bombed-out building in Khan Sheikhoun, Syria. Her sister, 3, died in the attack, as did her 1-year-old brother and a cousin, according to Anas al-Dyab, a White Helmets volunteer who took the photo of her and others at the scene. Al-Dyab himself was killed in an airstrike in July. He was 23. Anas al-Dyab/AFP/Getty Images

March 5: An emotional R. Kelly stands up from his chair during an interview with "CBS This Morning" co-host Gayle King. The singer, who was indicted in February on 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse, continued to strongly deny the charges. King paused the interview to allow Kelly to regain his composure, and his publicist helped him calm down. Kelly also apologized for his outburst. Lazarus Jean-Baptiste/CBS

March 7: A crab is trapped inside a discarded cup near Batangas City, Philippines. Noel Guevara/Greenpeace

March 9: Members of the ShieldWall Network, a white nationalist group, burn a swastika and cross outside Atkins, Arkansas. Jim Urquhart/Reuters

March 11: An inflatable sculpture by the American artist KAWS rests on a dock at a Hong Kong shipyard. The sculpture, which measured 37 meters long (121 feet), later floated in Victoria Harbour. Anthony Wallace/AFP/Getty Images

March 14: A relative of a victim from Ethiopian Airlines Flight ET302 throws dirt in her face as she mourns at the crash site near Bishoftu, Ethiopia. The plane crashed shortly after takeoff, killing all 157 on board. Mulugeta Ayene/AP

March 14: Former US Rep. Beto O'Rourke speaks to people at a coffee house in Burlington, Iowa. The Democrat from Texas announced that day that he would be running for president. He ended his campaign in November. Charlie Neibergall/AP

March 14: President Donald Trump's shadow is seen behind House Speaker Nancy Pelosi during the Friends of Ireland Luncheon at the US Capitol. Olivier Douliery/Pool/Getty Images

March 15: People are seen near the Linwood Mosque, one of two mosques that were attacked in Christchurch, New Zealand. It was the worst mass shooting in New Zealand’s history. Dozens of people were killed and many others were seriously injured. Brenton Tarrant, a 28-year-old Australian, has been charged with 51 counts of murder and 40 counts of attempted murder. He has pleaded not guilty to all of the charges. His so-called manifesto, which was disseminated online ahead of the shooting, was filled with anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim ideas. It directed users to a Facebook page that hosted a live stream of the attack. Stacey Squires/The Press/Stuff NZ

March 17: New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern hugs a woman at the Kilbirnie Mosque in Wellington, New Zealand. It was two days after the mosque attacks in Christchurch. Less than a month later, New Zealand’s parliament voted 119-1 in favor of a ban on military-style semi-automatic weapons. Hagen Hopkins/Getty Images

March 21: Three Boeing 737 MAX airplanes are parked on the tarmac at the Boeing Factory in Renton, Washington. Many countries, including the United States, grounded the 737 MAXs following two fatal crashes in a little more than five months. Lindsey Wasson/Reuters

April 3: Actress Lori Loughlin is escorted to a federal court in Boston. She and her husband, fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli, are among the parents who are accused of paying bribes for their children to attend some of the country's most prestigious universities. Loughlin and Giannulli have pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit fraud and conspiracy to commit money laundering. Brian Snyder/Reuters

April 6: Will Hyde, wearing a Chewbacca costume, carries a surfboard across a beach in Scarborough, England. The town was hosting a sci-fi event over the weekend. Ian Forsyth/Getty Images

April 8: A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Brendan McDermid/Reuters

April 10: Researchers at the National Science Foundation announce that this is the first-ever picture of a black hole. The black hole is in the center of M87, a massive galaxy near the Virgo galaxy cluster 55 million light-years from Earth. It has a mass that is 6.5 billion times that of our sun. National Science Foundation/Getty Images

April 11: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gestures to the media after arriving at a court in London. Earlier in the day, police entered the Ecuadorian Embassy to detain Assange, who had been holed up at the embassy for the last seven years. Assange, who had his asylum revoked by Ecuador, was charged with "failing to surrender to the court" over a warrant issued in 2012. Assange has been a key figure in major leaks of classified government documents, cables and videos. He has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. Jack Taylor/Getty Images

April 12: A Huawei employee rests under his cubicle during his lunch break in Shenzhen, China. This is a common practice at many workplaces in China, said photographer Kevin Frayer. Take a rare look inside Huawei, China’s tech giant Kevin Frayer/Getty Images

April 15: Smoke and flames rise from the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. A catastrophic fire engulfed the 850-year-old structure, destroying its iconic spire and roof. Francois Guillot/AFP/Getty Images

April 18: Two gorillas, Ndakazi and Ndeze, mimic human behavior in this selfie taken by Mathieu Shamavu, a worker at Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo. "Those gorilla gals are always acting cheeky so this was the perfect shot of their true personalities!" the park said on Instagram. Mathieu Shamavu/Virunga National Park

April 22: Three new photos of Britain's Prince Louis were released ahead of his first birthday. The photos were taken by his mother Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, and they show him outside the family's country residence in Anmer, England. The Duchess of Cambridge/Getty Images

April 23: Scientists perform a necropsy on a beached gray whale in Tiburon, California. Over a monthlong span, seven whales had washed up on the shores of San Francisco Bay and along the coast. It was determined that four died from malnutrition and three were struck by ships. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

April 23: Harshani Sriyani weeps over the body of her daughter who was killed in the Easter Sunday bombings in Sri Lanka. A wave of suicide bombings hit churches and hotels across the country, killing more than 250 people. Eranga Jayawardena/AP

April 25: North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and Russian President Vladimir Putin pass by guards during a meeting in Vladivostok, Russia. It was their first-ever meeting, and it came two months after talks between Kim and US President Donald Trump ended abruptly without an agreement. Yuri Kadobnov/Pool/AP

April 25: Pusha the cat plays with one of the four orphan squirrels she adopted at a park in Bakhchisaray, Crimea. Alexey Pavlishak/Reuters

May 1: Naruhito, Japan's new Emperor, receives the imperial regalia after ascending to the throne. He was replacing his father, Akihito, who abdicated a day earlier. Japan Pool/AP

May 1: This aerial photo shows buildings in Pemba, Mozambique, that were damaged by Cyclone Kenneth. Kenneth was the second powerful storm to hit southeast Africa in five weeks. Mike Hutchings/Reuters

May 1: US Attorney General William Barr arrives on Capitol Hill to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Barr expressed no regrets over his handling of special counsel Robert Mueller's report on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. He also pushed back on accusations that he had helped President Donald Trump claim "total exoneration" after the Mueller investigation ended. "I didn't exonerate. I said that we did not believe that there was sufficient evidence to establish an obstruction offense, which is the job of the Justice Department," Barr said. Susan Walsh/AP

May 5: Israel's aerial defense system fires interception missiles to take out rockets that were fired from Gaza near Asheklon, Israel. A violent weekend saw some of the worst fighting between Israelis and Palestinian militants since 2014, when full-blown war broke out. Amir Cohen/Reuters

May 6: Anailin Nava, 2, suffers from severe malnutrition in Toas Island, Venezuela. Through nearly a decade of mismanagement, Venezuela has squandered its profound oil wealth, leaving its economy in tatters and Latin America reeling from a mass exodus of migrants in search of food and medicine. These shortages, which also include staples such as milk, flour and toilet paper, have been exacerbated by sanctions imposed by the United States and its allies. Millions of people have fled Venezuela since 2014, according to the United Nations. They are also fleeing because of rolling blackouts, rising unemployment and soaring violent crime. Meridith Kohut/The New York Times/Redux

May 6: Michael Cohen, a former attorney for US President Donald Trump, leaves his home in New York. He was headed to federal prison to begin serving a three-year sentence that resulted from two cases. John Taggart/The New York Times/Redux

May 7: These cadets are among the 34 African-American women who graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point. It's the largest class of African-American women to graduate together, West Point spokesman Frank Demaro said. Cadet Hallie H. Pound/US Army/AP

May 7: Students are escorted to buses following a shooting at their school in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. One student, 18-year-old Kendrick Castillo, was killed trying to stop the shooting. Eight other students were wounded. Two suspects, both students, were taken into custody. Hyoung Chang/MediaNews Group/The Denver Post/Getty Images

May 8: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II looks at her new great-grandchild, Archie. Archie is the first child of Prince Harry, second from left, and his wife Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. Prince Philip is on the far left. Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, is next to her at right. Chris Allerton/Sussex Royal/Getty Images

May 15: Migrants are seen outside the US Border Patrol station in McAllen, Texas. It and other Border Patrol stations were being stressed with overcrowding. When agents get backlogged with processing, indoor holding areas get full, forcing people to wait outside. See more photos of the conditions at the McAllen Border Patrol station Loren Elliott/Reuters

May 16: Health workers carry an Ebola victim’s coffin in Butembo, a city at the epicenter of the outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo. John Wessels/AFP/Getty Images

May 17: People celebrate outside the Legislative Yuan after Taiwan approved a bill legalizing same-sex marriage. Tyrone Siu/Reuters

May 18: People in Gaza City break their Ramadan fast near a building that had been recently destroyed by an Israeli airstrike. Ibraheem Abu Mustafa/Reuters

May 20: A tornado appears on the outskirts of Mangum, Oklahoma. Scores of strong storms and suspected tornadoes swept through the central United States that week. Brett Conner/ZUMA Wire

May 22: A photo taken by climber Nirmal Purja's Project Possible expedition shows heavy traffic of mountain climbers lining up to stand at Mount Everest's summit. Two mountaineers died on Everest after crowds became stuck in a line leading to the summit of the world's highest mountain. @nimsdai/Project Possible

May 24: British Prime Minister Theresa May tears up as she announces her resignation in London. May said she deeply regretted not being able to deliver Brexit, the issue that brought her to power in 2016 and consumed her premiership. Toby Melville/Reuters

May 25: Members of the US Army's Golden Knights parachute team perform during the Bethpage Air Show, which was part of a Memorial Day weekend event on Long Island, New York. Johnny Milano/Reuters

May 28: Residents sort through damaged apartments in Trotwood, Ohio. At least three tornadoes were believed to have caused severe damage in the region. John Minchillo/AP

May 30: Melania Geymonat and her partner, Chris, are bloodied after they were beaten in a homophobic attack on a London bus. The Metropolitan Police said four males, aged between 15 and 18, were arrested on suspicion of robbery and causing grievous bodily harm. They were later charged with an aggravated hate crime under the Public Order Act. London's mayor, Sadiq Khan, condemned the incident, saying it was a "disgusting, misogynistic attack.” In August, the teenage suspects pleaded not guilty to a charge of causing harassment by using threatening or abusive words or behavior. Courtesy Melania Geymonat

May 31: The eight co-champions of this year's Scripps National Spelling Bee celebrate their win in Oxon Hill, Maryland. The unprecedented result came after organizers said they ran out of challenging words. Susan Walsh/AP

June 1: A guardsman, apparently overcome by heat, faints during rehearsals for the Trooping the Colour event in London. He was later helped to his feet. Will Oliver/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

June 5: A ground squirrel nuzzles a sunflower in Vienna, Austria. Courtesy Dick van Duijn

June 7: A seagull swoops in and steals Alicia Jessop’s lobster roll in York, Maine. "This is why we can’t have nice things,” the sports law professor tweeted. “I was trying to take a picture of the lobster roll I ordered in Maine and well, this happened.” Courtesy Alicia Jessop

June 11: Prominent Russian investigative journalist Ivan Golunov becomes emotional while speaking to the media as he leaves an Investigative Committee building in Moscow. All charges against Golunov were dropped after his detention sparked public outrage and an outpouring of journalistic solidarity. Shamil Zhumatov/Reuters

June 12: Police stand in a cloud of tear gas as protesters disperse after a demonstration turned violent in the Frayser community of Memphis, Tennessee. According to police, at least 36 officers and deputies were injured in the scuffle. The turmoil stemmed from outrage after US marshals shot and killed 20-year-old Brandon Webber after he allegedly tried to use his vehicle as a weapon when officers attempted to arrest him. Jim Weber/Daily Memphian/AP

June 13: Outgoing White House press secretary Sarah Sanders hugs US President Donald Trump after the surprise announcement that Sanders would be leaving her position at the White House. "I couldn't be prouder to have the opportunity to serve my country and particularly to work for this President," Sanders said. "I've loved every minute — even the hard minutes.” Evan Vucci/AP

June 13: Sled dogs travel through melted ice water in northwest Greenland. Greenland's melt season typically begins around the end of May. This year, it began at the start. Steffen M. Olsen/Danmarks Meteorologiske Institut/AP

June 16: People march in the streets of Hong Kong to protest a controversial extradition bill. Critics feared the bill would allow citizens to be sent across the border into mainland China. Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam withdrew the bill on September 4, but she refused to give ground on protesters' four other demands, which include greater democracy for the city and an independent commission into police conduct. Vincent Yu/AP

June 17: An armed man, identified by officials as Brian Isaack Clyde, is seen outside the Earle Cabell Federal Building in Dallas. The photo was taken by Tom Fox, a photographer with the Dallas Morning News who was there to cover a trial. The gunman opened fire but was fatally shot by law enforcement before he got a chance to enter the building. Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News

June 17: A stray polar bear is seen in the industrial city of Norilsk, Russia, hundreds of miles from its usual habitat. The last time a polar bear appeared near Norilsk was more than 40 years ago, Anatoly Nikolaichuk, head of the Taimyr Department of the State Forest Control Agency, told Russian state news agency TASS. Irina Yarinskaya/Zapolyarnaya Pravda/Reuters

June 18: A rare formation of clouds wowed onlookers at Virginia's Smith Mountain Lake. Courtesy Amy Christie Hunter

June 18: US President Donald Trump officially launches his reelection campaign with a rally in Orlando. His speech made clear that he plans to run on the same formula that narrowly delivered him the presidency in 2016. Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images

June 19: Former White House communications director Hope Hicks, once President Donald Trump's closest West Wing confidante, leaves Capitol Hill after a closed-door interview with the House Judiciary Committee. She wasn't responding to any questions about her time at the White House, but she was answering questions about her time on the Trump campaign, which is not covered by executive privilege. Andrew Harnik/AP

June 22: This image, taken from the International Space Station, shows a plume of ash from the Raikoke volcano. Raikoke is an uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean, off the coasts of Russia and Japan. NASA

June 24: The bodies of Salvadoran migrant Oscar Alberto Martínez and his nearly 2-year-old daughter, Angie Valeria, lie on the bank of the Rio Grande near Matamoros, Mexico. They drowned trying to cross the river to Brownsville, Texas. The shocking image was a grim reminder of the dangerous journey migrants take to get to the United States. Julia Le Duc/AP

June 26: The International Space Station flies in front of the sun in this photo taken near Gyongyos, Hungary. Peter Komka/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

June 27: During the first Democratic presidential debate, US Sen. Kamala Harris confronts former Vice President Joe Biden, left, on comments he made about working with segregationists in the 1970s. She raised the issue while talking about race and recalling her own childhood. At center is US Sen. Bernie Sanders. Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images

June 28: An employee measures a newly built ball mill machine at a factory in Nantong, China. China Stringer Network/Reuters

June 30: US President Donald Trump shakes hands with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as the two meet at the Korean Demilitarized Zone. Trump briefly stepped over into North Korean territory, becoming the first sitting US leader to set foot in the nation. Trump said he invited Kim to the White House, and both leaders agreed to restart talks after nuclear negotiations stalled. Shealah Craighead/The White House

July 1: A demonstrator sprays paint inside a chamber at Hong Kong's Legislative Council building, where protesters forced their way in. Thousands of protesters marched in Hong Kong on what was the 22nd anniversary of the former colony's handover from Britain to China. Tyrone Siu/Reuters

July 2: A total solar eclipse is seen from an observatory in La Higuera, Chile. Martin Bernetti/AFP/Getty Images

July 4: Crowds gather around the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool to watch President Donald Trump speak in Washington. Trump's "Salute to America" ceremony featured military flyovers, music and a largely apolitical speech that struck a patriotic tone. But the event drew considerable scrutiny in the days leading up to it, as some felt it was politicizing the military. There were also critics who said the event, with its massive VIP section and tickets for political donors, had the sheen of a partisan affair. Susan Walsh/Pool/AFP/Getty Images

July 6: This aerial photo shows parasols on a beach in Durres, Albania. Gent Shkullaku/AFP/Getty Images

July 8: A protester holds up a sign of multimillionaire Jeffrey Epstein, a well-connected hedge fund manager, in front of a federal courthouse in New York. A criminal indictment accused Epstein of operating a sex trafficking ring in which he sexually abused dozens of underage girls. He was charged with one count of sex trafficking of minors and one count of conspiracy to engage in sex trafficking of minors. He pleaded not guilty to the charges before being found unresponsive in his cell in August. He died later in the hospital. New York City's chief medical examiner said Epstein hanged himself. Stephanie Keith/Getty Images

July 8: US Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Democratic presidential candidate, makes a pinky promise with 8-year-old Sydney Hansen during a campaign stop in Peterborough, New Hampshire. Charles Krupa/AP

July 10: A model presents a creation from Spanish designer Miguel Marinero during a Fashion Week show in Madrid. Gabriel Bouys/AFP/Getty Images

July 13: A large section of Manhattan's Upper West Side and Midtown neighborhoods stand in darkness during a partial blackout. At its peak, the New York blackout shut off power to about 73,000 customers, according to officials with the utility company Con Edison. Scott Heins/Getty Images

July 15: From left, US Reps. Ilhan Omar, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Rashida Tlaib and Ayanna Pressley — lawmakers referred to on Capitol Hill as “the squad" — hold a news conference in Washington. It was a day after President Donald Trump openly encouraged the four Democrats to leave the country. They made clear in their news conference that they're here to stay. "I encourage the American people and all of us in this room and beyond, to not take the bait," Pressley said. "This is a disruptive distraction from the issues of care, concern and consequence to the American people.” Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images

July 17: US Marines salute transfer cases at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam in Hawaii. The recently recovered remains were thought to be unidentified service members lost in the Battle of Tarawa during World War II. Sgt. Jacqueline Clifford/US Marine Corps/Reuters

July 17: Miguel Gámez, father of Heydi Nallely Gámez García, touches the bruises on his daughter's neck at a hospital in Queens, New York. Heydi, a 13-year-old immigrant from Honduras who had been separated from her father for years, was declared brain dead after trying to hang herself. She was taken off life support that day. Mark Kauzlarich for CNN

July 22: US Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan, center, speaks at a private ceremony at the Great Hall of the Supreme Court, where former Justice John Paul Stevens was lying in repose. Kagan was the one who replaced Stevens after he retired in 2010. Andrew Harnik/Pool/AP

July 22: This photo shows a sea lion that got caught in the mouth of a humpback whale in Monterey Bay, California. The sea lion later swam to open waters, photographer Chase Dekker said. Humpback whales are filter-feeding animals who have no interest in consuming sea lions. In fact, that whale's esophagus is only about the size of a grapefruit or small melon, making it impossible to swallow such a creature. Chase Dekker/AFP/Getty Images

July 23: Comedian Jon Stewart smiles as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell walks by him on Capitol Hill. Stewart, who was in Washington to advocate for an extension of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund, has been sharply critical of McConnell in the past. Later in the day, the Senate passed the extension, which would permanently compensate individuals who were injured during the 2001 terrorist attacks or the cleanup and rescue efforts. Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images

July 24: Former special counsel Robert Mueller arrives on Capitol Hill to testify about his recently completed investigation into Russian election interference. It was just the second time in two years that he spoke publicly. Mueller emphasized three points in his opening statement: that the Russian government interfered in the election "in sweeping and systematic fashion"; that his investigation did not establish that members of the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to interfere; and that "based on Justice Department policy and principles of fairness," his office decided that it would not make a determination on whether Trump committed a crime. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

July 24: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II welcomes Boris Johnson at Buckingham Palace, where she formally invited him to become Prime Minister. Johnson won the UK's Conservative Party leadership contest and replaced Theresa May, who was forced into resigning after members of her Cabinet lost confidence in her ability to secure the UK's departure from the European Union. Victoria Jones/WPA Pool/Getty Images

July 28: A man tries to catch locusts while standing on a rooftop in Sanaa, Yemen. Mohammed Huwais/AFP/Getty Images

July 29: Kirstin Bright, left, leans on Jessica Bright during a vigil in Gilroy, California. Kirstin was at the Gilroy Garlic Festival when a gunman opened fire, killing three people and injuring more than a dozen. The suspect — identified as 19-year-old Santino William Legan — was fatally shot by three officers who responded within a minute of the gunfire beginning, Gilroy Police Chief Scot Smithee said. Daniel Kim/Sacramento Bee/ZUMA Wire

August 1: A young raccoon looks out from a grate after getting stuck in Newton, Massachusetts. The Newton Fire Department was able to free him. Newton Fire Department/AFP/Getty Images

August 5: Doves are seen at Horizon High School during a vigil for Javier Rodriguez, a 15-year-old who was killed in a mass shooting in El Paso, Texas. Twenty-two people were killed in the El Paso shooting, which happened at a Walmart. Adriana Zehbrauskas/The New York Times/Redux

August 7: A girl cries at a gym in Forest, Mississippi, after immigration raids were carried out at seven food-processing plants. Hundreds of undocumented workers were arrested, leaving friends, neighbors and, in some instances, strangers to temporarily care for children who did not know whether they would see their parents again, according to CNN affiliate WJTV. For many of the children, it was their first day of the new school year. Alex Love/WJTV

August 7: Greg Zanis removes a cross from the bed of his pickup truck in Dayton, Ohio. For 23 years, Zanis has delivered handmade crosses after mass shootings. Just a few days before this photo, a gunman opened fire in a popular nightlife district in downtown Dayton. Nine people were killed. Mark Felix for CNN

August 9: A goat rides next to a boy on their way to a livestock market in Hebron, West Bank. Hazem Bader/AFP/Getty Images

August 10: Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang breaks down in tears while speaking at a gun-safety forum in Des Moines, Iowa. Yang became emotional when discussing gun violence with a woman who said she lost her daughter to a stray bullet. Scott Morgan/Reuters

August 13: A couple of male penguins face the sunlight as the one on the right incubates an egg at the Berlin zoo. The same-sex couple was handed an egg by zookeepers, and the two followed their instinct and adopted it as their own. Omer Messinger/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

August 13: A traveler passes her luggage to security guards as she tries to enter the departures gate at the Hong Kong International Airport. For two days, protesters flooded the airport. Check-ins were suspended and dozens of outgoing flights were canceled. Philip Fong/AFP/Getty Images

August 17: Antonio Basco cries next to the coffin of his wife, Margie Reckard, during her wake in El Paso, Texas. Reckard was among those killed when a gunman opened fire at a Walmart in El Paso earlier that month. Basco initially thought no one would show up for his wife's visitation service. The couple had no relatives in the area. But hundreds of people who didn't even know them came to the service to pay their respects. Jose Luis Gonzalez/Reuters

August 17: A damaged stage is seen in Kabul, Afghanistan, after a suicide bomber targeted a wedding. The attack killed 63 people and wounded 182, said a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry. ISIS claimed responsibility for the bombing. Mohammad Ismail/Reuters

August 23: This aerial photo shows part of the burned Amazon rainforest in Brazil's Mato Grosso state. Every year, farmers in the Amazon clear out areas so their cattle can graze. But this year's fires were way up over last year, and that has raised concern about what it means for the health of the planet. Marizilda Cruppe/Amnesty International/Reuters

August 23: Cell phones shine from the top of Lion Rock during a pro-democracy rally in Hong Kong. Protesters formed a human chain across Hong Kong in a show of solidarity. Philip Fong/AFP/Getty Images

August 25: First lady Melania Trump greets Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau with a kiss on the cheek prior to a group photo at the G7 summit in Biarritz, France. The photo quickly circulated on social media. Carlos Barria/Reuters

August 25: A police officer raises a gun at a protester during demonstrations in Hong Kong. The night was one of the most violent since the protests began. Lam Yik Fei/The New York Times/Redux

August 26: Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg attends a ceremony where she received an honorary degree from the University at Buffalo. It was her first public appearance since it was announced that she had undergone treatment for pancreatic cancer. Jeffrey T. Barnes/AP

September 4: US President Donald Trump shows an apparently altered map of Hurricane Dorian's trajectory. The map showed the storm potentially affecting a large section of Alabama. Over the course of the storm's development, Trump erroneously claimed multiple times that Alabama had been in the storm's path. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters

September 5: Homes in Abaco, Bahamas, are destroyed by Hurricane Dorian. The storm battered the Bahamas, obliterating houses and knocking out power. Dozens of people were killed, and tens of thousands were left homeless. When it made landfall, Dorian was a Category 5 hurricane with winds of 185 mph. That made it the strongest storm on record to hit the islands. Gonzalo Gaudenzi/AP

September 9: Emergency responders rescue crew members from a capsized cargo ship near Georgia's St. Simons Island. Everyone was saved from the vessel, which was carrying thousands of automobiles. Officials are still trying to determine what caused the ship to overturn. Sean Rayford/Getty Images

September 10: British Prime Minister Boris Johnson attends a history class while visiting the Pimlico Primary school in London. Toby Melville/Pool/Reuters

September 11: This massive black spot seen on Jupiter is actually a moon shadow. Jupiter's moon Io was eclipsing the sun at the time. NASA said the spot measured 2,200 miles wide — roughly the distance between New York City and Las Vegas. Kevin M. Gill/JPL-Caltech/SwRI/MSSS/NASA

September 11: Grace Mugabe sits below a portrait of her late husband, former Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe, at her residence in Harare, Zimbabwe. Mugabe, who died at the age of 95, held office for over three decades before being deposed in a coup in 2017. Philimon Bulawayo/Reuters

September 14: This satellite image shows smoke rising from an oil-processing facility in Buqyaq, Saudi Arabia. Coordinated strikes on key Saudi Arabian oil facilities, among the world's largest and most important energy production centers, disrupted about half of the kingdom's oil capacity. Yemen's Iran-backed Houthi rebels took responsibility for the attacks, saying 10 drones targeted state-owned Saudi Aramco oil facilities in Abqaiq and Khurais, according to the Houthi-run Al-Masirah news agency. Planet Labs/AP

September 18: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks to the press regarding a 2001 photo that shows him wearing "brownface" at an “Arabian Nights” party. "I shouldn't have done it. I should have known better, but I didn't. And I'm really sorry," he told reporters on his campaign plane in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press/AP

September 23: Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg watches US President Donald Trump as he enters the United Nations to speak with reporters. Thunberg, 16, didn't mince words as she spoke to world leaders during the UN Climate Action Summit. She accused them of not doing enough to mitigate climate change: "For more than 30 years, the science has been crystal clear. How dare you continue to look away?" Trump later mocked Thunberg on Twitter. Andrew Hofstetter/Reuters

September 23: Haitian Senator Ralph Fethiere fires a gun in the air to disperse protesters outside the country's Parliament building. Associated Press photographer Dieu-Nalio Chery was wounded during the commotion. The chaotic scenes follow recent protests over fuel and food shortages, Reuters reported. Haiti has been struggling with power blackouts and rising fuel prices, sparking public anger against the government. Dieu-Nalio Chery/AP

September 25: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky meets with US President Donald Trump on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. A day earlier, the White House released a transcript of a conversation that Trump and Zelensky had in July. According to the transcript, Trump repeatedly pushed for Zelensky to investigate Joe Biden, a former vice president and potential 2020 political rival. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by Biden. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced that she would be opening a formal impeachment inquiry on Trump. Trump has insisted he did nothing wrong in his phone call with Zelensky, saying there was "no pressure whatsoever.” The House impeached him in December. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters

September 25: Britain's Prince Harry is joined by his wife, Meghan, and their son, Archie, on a visit to Cape Town, South Africa. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were on a 10-day royal tour of Africa. Toby Melville/Pool/Reuters

September 25: The launch of a Russian Soyuz rocket is seen from the International Space Station. Christina Koch/NASA/AP

September 26: A frog sits on a floating lotus leaf after it rained in Lalitpur, Nepal. Navesh Chitrakar/Reuters

September 27: Britain's Prince Harry meets landmine victim Sandra Tigica while visiting Luanda, Angola. Tigica also met Harry's mother, Diana, during her visit to Angola in 1997. Dominic Lipinski/WPA Pool/Getty Images

September 27: Gallery assistants pose with the Banksy painting "Devolved Parliament" at the Sotheby's auction house in London. The artwork, which shows the benches of Parliament occupied by primates, sold at auction for a record-breaking £9,879,500 ($12,200,000). Tolga Akmen/AFP/Getty Images

October 1: Soldiers shout as they march in Beijing during a military parade marking the 70th anniversary of the People's Republic of China. Kevin Frayer/Getty Images

October 2: US President Donald Trump talks to reporters about the House impeachment inquiry. Trump called the inquiry "the greatest hoax," lashing out at Democrats, the media and the anonymous whistleblower who submitted a complaint to the intelligence inspector general. Kevin Lamarque/Reuters

October 2: Brandt Jean hugs Amber Guyger, the woman who fatally shot his younger brother, after she was sentenced to 10 years in prison. He said he forgave Guyger, a former Dallas police officer, for shooting his brother, Botham, in 2018. Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News/Pool/Reuters

October 7: Former US President Jimmy Carter answers questions during a Habitat for Humanity news conference in Nashville, Tennessee. Carter, 95, fell at his home just hours earlier, suffering a black eye and a cut forehead that needed 14 stitches. But he was eager to make it to Nashville and help build houses. A couple of weeks later, Carter fell again and suffered a minor pelvic fracture. Mark Humphrey/AP

October 8: Victor, a white-tailed eagle equipped with a camera, flies over glaciers and mountains in Chamonix, France. It was a preparation flight for the Alpine Eagle Race, a project meant to raise awareness about global warming. Eagle Wings Foundation/Chopard/Reuters

October 10: Female police officers, left, stand near women watching a soccer match in Tehran, Iran. A ban on women attending sports stadiums was put in place in Iran shortly after the 1979 Islamic Revolution. But following pressure from human rights groups and soccer's governing body FIFA, Iran agreed to permit women to watch a World Cup qualifier between Iran's national team and Cambodia. Vahid Salemi/AP

October 11: NASA’s Curiosity rover takes a new selfie on Mars, where it first landed in 2012. The selfie is really 57 images stitched together from its location in the Glen Etive region. JPL-Caltech/MSSS/NASA

October 15: Twelve presidential candidates take part in a Democratic debate in Westerville, Ohio. The candidates, from left, are US Rep. Tulsi Gabbard; businessman Tom Steyer; US Sen. Cory Booker; US Sen. Kamala Harris; US Sen. Bernie Sanders; former Vice President Joe Biden; US Sen. Elizabeth Warren; South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg; businessman Andrew Yang; former US Rep. Beto O'Rourke; US Sen. Amy Klobuchar; and former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro. Gabriella Demczuk for CNN

October 16: Relatives of community leader Josemano "Badou" Victorieux cry during his funeral in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. Victorieux is among those who have died during demonstrations against President Jovenel Moise. Orlando Barría/EFE/Sipa USA

October 16: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi points at US President Donald Trump during a contentious White House meeting. Democratic leaders were there for a meeting about Syria, and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said they walked out when Trump went on a diatribe and "started calling Speaker Pelosi a third-rate politician." Pelosi said, "What we witnessed on the part of the President was a meltdown." Trump later tweeted this photo, taken by White House photographer Shealah Craighead, with the caption "Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown!" Pelosi then made it the cover photo for her own Twitter account. Shealah Craighead/The White House

October 18: NASA astronaut Jessica Meir waves at the camera during a spacewalk outside the International Space Station. Fellow astronaut Christina Koch joined her in what was the first all-female spacewalk. NASA

October 19: US Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez introduces US Sen. Bernie Sanders at a New York rally after endorsing him for president. Mary Altaffer/AP

October 19: Actress Felicity Huffman is photographed at a federal prison in Dublin, California, where she spent 11 days after pleading guilty for her role in a college admissions scam. Huffman paid $15,000 to facilitate cheating for her daughter's SAT scores. Splash News

October 20: US military vehicles stop near the town of Tal Tamr, Syria, after pulling out of their base. Turkey launched a military offensive in northeastern Syria on October 9, just days after the Trump administration announced that it was pulling US troops back from the area. Baderkhan Ahmad/AP

October 24: People pay their respects to US Rep. Elijah Cummings during his memorial service at the US Capitol. Cummings, a longtime Maryland Democrat, died October 17 at the age of 68, and his death prompted an outpouring of grief from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. He appears to be the first African American to lie in state at the US Capitol, according to congressional historians. Al Drago/Pool/Getty Images

October 25: For the third consecutive week, actress Jane Fonda is taken away in ziptie handcuffs during a climate crisis protest at the US Capitol in Washington. "We have to behave like our house is on fire, because it is," Fonda said, referencing a phrase often said by teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg. John Lamparski/Getty Images

October 26: In this photo released by the White House, US President Donald Trump sits in the White House Situation Room, monitoring developments in the military raid that killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in northwest Syria. From left are national security adviser Robert O’Brien; Vice President Mike Pence; Trump; Defense Secretary Mark Esper; Gen. Mark Milley, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and Brig. Gen. Marcus Evans, the deputy director for special operations on the Joint Staff. Shealah Craighead/The White House

October 27: People in Najaf, Iraq, watch a news program reporting about the death of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Alaa al-Marjani/Reuters

October 30: The Easy Fire, one of many wildfires burning across California, is seen outside the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley. Wally Skalij/Los Angeles Times/Getty Images

October 31: The US House of Representatives votes on a resolution outlining the rules for the next stage of the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump. Erin Schaff/The New York Times/Redux

November 1: A firefighter works at containing the Maria Fire in the hills near Ventura, California. Etienne Laurent/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

November 4: Police found 41 migrants in the back of a refrigerated truck during a routine highway check in northern Greece. Routine checks on trucks and other vehicles increased following a number of incidents involving migrants being smuggled through Greece in the back of vehicles. Stavros Karipidis/Reuters

November 4: A police officer reacts after being hit with a Molotov cocktail during protests in Santiago, Chile. Two female police officers — María José Hernández Torres and Abigail Catalina Aburto Cardenas — caught on fire after being hit with Molotov cocktails, Reuters reported. Their colleagues helped extinguish the flames, but the women had to be hospitalized. A few days later, police told a Reuters correspondent that the women were released from intensive care and recovering. Jorge Silva/Reuters

November 5: Members of the LeBaron family cry in front of a burned car in Mexico where some of their relatives were killed the day before. Three women and six children were killed while traveling in a three-car caravan south of the US-Mexico border, according to Mexican Security Minister Alfonso Durazo. The victims, part of a Mormon community in Mexico, were "all shot while in vehicles while driving," family member Alex LeBaron told CNN. Several children survived the attack. Officials and family members believe that drug cartels carried out the ambush, though there is a question of which cartel did so. It is also not yet clear if the attacks specifically targeted the family or if it was a case of mistaken identity. Herika Martinez/AFP/Getty Images

November 12: Former Bolivian President Evo Morales waves after arriving in Mexico City. Mexico granted asylum to Morales, who was in power for nearly 14 years but resigned under mounting pressure. Bolivia has been rocked by political unrest and mass protests since electoral irregularities were reported in October. Morales and his political party were accused of rigging the vote, a charge he denies. He claims he is the victim of a coup orchestrated by right-wing politicians and the country's armed forces. Eduardo Verdugo/AP

November 13: A woman crosses the flooded St. Mark’s Square after high tides in Venice, Italy. The flooding was Venice's worst in 50 years. Marco Bertorello/AFP/Getty Images

November 14: Students are comforted after a deadly shooting at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California. A male student opened fire on classmates, fatally wounding a 16-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy, Los Angeles County Sheriff Alex Villanueva told reporters. Three other female students — two 14-year-olds and a 15-year-old — were wounded. Ringo H.W. Chiu/AP

November 20: Gordon Sondland, the US ambassador to the European Union, arrives on Capitol Hill to testify during the impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump. Sondland told lawmakers there was a quid pro quo for Ukraine to announce investigations into Trump's political opponents. He said it came from Trump's personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani at the "express direction of the President." Sondland also provided investigators with emails and texts showing it wasn't just him and Giuliani pushing for the investigations outside government channels — Trump's inner circle knew what was going on, too. But Republicans aggressively went after Sondland during their questioning to argue he had no conversations with Trump about a quid pro quo. Caroline Brehman/CQ Roll Call/AP

November 20: President Donald Trump holds his notes while speaking to the media. Trump repeatedly said he told Gordon Sondland over the phone that he wanted "nothing" on Ukraine. "I say to the Ambassador in response: I want nothing, I want nothing. I want no quid pro quo," Trump said, reading from notes that appeared to be written in Sharpie. "Tell Zelensky, President Zelensky, to do the right thing." Erin Scott/Reuters

November 26: A firefighter tries to rescue a man from a collapsed building in Thumane, Albania, after a 6.4 magnitude earthquake hit the country. Dozens were killed and hundreds were injured. Armend Nimani/AFP/Getty Images

December 9: Tourists watch the eruption of a volcano on New Zealand's White Island. There were 47 people on the island when the eruption occurred. At least 16 were killed. Michael Schade/AP

December 13: British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is greeted by staff after his Conservative Party scored one of the country's most dramatic electoral victories in decades. The result was a vindication of his strategy to campaign on a single promise: “get Brexit done.” Stefan Rousseau/Pool/AFP/Getty Images

December 18: House Speaker Nancy Pelosi bangs the gavel after the House voted to impeach US President Donald Trump. The House voted almost entirely along party lines to charge Trump with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. Matt McClain/The Washington Post/Getty Images

December 25: This photo, posted on Facebook, shows the burned lawn of the Parson family in McKinney, Texas. Nissa-Lynn Parson said the fire started when her sons were playing with a new magnifying glass, trying to burn a couple of holes in some newspaper. "What a sight to see,” she wrote on her Facebook post. “A bunch of people running around crazy trying to put a front lawn fire out while wearing matching Christmas jammies!" Nissa-Lynn Parson

December 29: Two men talk at New York’s Grand Army Plaza during a gathering showing support for the Jewish community. It came a day after five people were attacked with a machete during a Hanukkah party in Monsey, New York. Amr Alfiky/Reuters

December 29: In this image from video provided by law enforcement, churchgoers take cover while a security team member armed with a handgun, top left, engages a man who opened fire during a service in White Settlement, Texas. Gunman Keith Thomas Kinnunen, pictured near the top center of the frame, killed two parishioners before being shot by church security. The church's head of security, Jack Wilson, fatally shot Kinnunen and saved lives. West Freeway Church of Christ/Courtesy of Law Enforcement/AP

December 31: A kangaroo rushes past a burning house in Lake Conjola, Australia. Deadly bushfires are burning across Australia, exacerbated by strong winds and a record-breaking heat wave as the country experiences one of its worst droughts in decades. Matthew Abbott/The New York Times/Redux

December 31: In this image taken from video, Pope Francis slaps a woman's hand to free himself from her grip in St. Peter’s Square. The next day, he apologized for losing his patience. "Love makes us patient. So many times we lose patience, even me, and I apologize for yesterday's bad example," he said. Vatican Media/Handout/Reuters

December 31: People set fire to the US Embassy in Baghdad, Iraq. The embassy was attacked as hundreds of people demonstrated against American airstrikes on an Iran-backed militia group in Iran. US President Donald Trump confirmed that the airstrikes were a response to a recent attack that killed a US contractor. He blamed Iran both for the contractor's death and for the attack on the embassy. Wissm al-Okili/Reuters

Credits
Photo editors
Bernadette Tuazon, Brett Roegiers, Kyle Almond, Natalie Yubas, Will Lanzoni, Clint Alwahab, Cody McCloy, Sarah Tilotta, Marie Barbier, Heather Fulbright

Contributors
Brook Joyner, Rebecca Wright, Cory Cole, Ellen O’Neill, Fruhlein Chrys Econar

Designer
Alicia Johnson

Developer
Kenneth Uzquiano

© 2019 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices


The year in entertainment
News
Entertainment
Sports
The celebrities and the performances that made headlines in 2019
Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper perform the Oscar-winning song "Shallow" at the Academy Awards on February 24. The song is from their film "A Star Is Born.” Ed Herrera/Getty Images

Singer Lizzo performs with dancers at the MTV Video Music Awards on August 26. She was among the nominees for best new artist. Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images

People dressed as clowns watch the movie “It Chapter 2” at the Orpheum Theatre in Hillsboro, Illinois, on September 5. Eric Ginnard

Actor Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson poses with his wife, Lauren Hashian, after they were married in Hawaii on Sunday, August 18. Courtesy Hiram Garcia


Godzilla peeks out over a movie theater in Tokyo on February 18. Kim Kyung-hoon/Reuters

Actress Jennifer Aniston announced her new Instagram account with a picture of her and her former “Friends” co-stars on October 15. There were so many people excited to finally follow her that it caused issues for the platform. From Jennifer Aniston/Instagram

Jennifer Lopez closes out a Versace fashion show September 20 with an updated version of the famous dress she wore to the 2000 Grammy Awards. See highlights from Milan Fashion Week Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images

Britain’s Princess Charlotte playfully sticks her tongue out as she and her mom Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, attend the King’s Cup regatta in Cowes, England, on August 8. Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Singer Billie Eilish performs on “Saturday Night Live” on September 28. At one point, it looked as though she was walking on the walls and then the ceiling of the stage. Will Heath/NBCU Photo Bank/NBCUniversal/Getty Images

Actor Tom Hanks poses with his “Toy Story” character, Woody, at the premiere of “Toy Story 4” on June 11. Mario Anzuoni/Reuters

In this photo, posted to Instagram on September 24, actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge poses with all the Emmys that she and her show “Fleabag” won this year. Josh Cole/BBC Studios

Director Steven Spielberg poses with the cast of “West Side Story” after the film wrapped up production in late September. This new adaptation is scheduled to come out next year. Niko Tavernise/Amblin Entertainment

First-time Grammys host Alicia Keys, center, was joined by some special company as she opened the show on February 10. With her, from left, are Lady Gaga, Jada Pinkett Smith, former first lady Michelle Obama and Jennifer Lopez. Kevin Winter/Getty Images for The Recording Academy


Gaten Matarazzo, one of the stars of the show “Stranger Things,” attends the Season 3 press junket in West Hollywood, California, on June 27. Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Netflix

Former US President George W. Bush shares a laugh with talk-show host Ellen DeGeneres, center, and her wife, actress Portia de Rossi, at an NFL football game in Arlington, Texas, on October 6. Some people criticized DeGeneres online for hanging out with Bush. DeGeneres addressed it on her show. “Just because I don't agree with someone on everything doesn't mean that I'm not going to be friends with them," she said. "When I say, 'be kind to one another,' I don't only mean the people that think the same way that you do. I mean be kind to everyone.” Kevin Terrell/AP

Rapper Cardi B kisses her husband, Offset, at the Billboard Music Awards on May 1. Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images

Actress Brie Larson attends the Hollywood premiere of “Captain Marvel” on March 4. Amy Sussman/Getty Images

Peter Dinklage gets emotional September 22 as he accepts the Emmy Award for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series. It was the fourth time that Dinklage won for his role as Tyrion Lannister in “Game of Thrones.” Frederic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images

Former White House press secretary Sean Spicer takes part in the TV dance competition “Dancing With the Stars” in September. He was eliminated in the quarterfinals. Eric McCandless/ABC

Actor and singer Billy Porter arrives to the Academy Awards red carpet on February 24. See more fashion from Oscar night Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images

People in Caracas, Venezuela, watch the film “Avengers: Endgame” on April 26. The movie went on to become the highest-grossing film of all time. Federico Parra/AFP/Getty Images

Lady Gaga attends the Met Gala in New York on May 6. See all the red-carpet looks Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue

The cast of “The Big Bang Theory” film the show’s final episode, which aired on May 16. The popular sitcom aired for 12 seasons. Michael Yarish/CBS

Maroon 5 lead singer Adam Levine performs at the Super Bowl halftime show on February 3. Al Bello/Getty Images

Actress Jamie Lee Curtis poses on the red carpet before the Golden Globes on January 6. But stealing the show that evening was model Kelleth Cuthbert, who kept photobombing red-carpet shots as she held a tray of Fiji Water. Matt Sayles/Invision for Fiji Water/AP

Singer Justin Bieber posted this selfie while he and his wife, Hailey Baldwin, were on vacation on August 17. In an Instagram post in March, Bieber told his fans that he was holding off on a new album while he focused on "repairing some of the deep-rooted issues that I have as most of us have, so that I don't fall apart, so that I can sustain my marriage and be the father I want to be.” From Justin Bieber/Instagram

Singer Ricky Martin, waving a rainbow flag, joins the protests in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on July 22. Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rosselló resigned after more than a week of protests. Protesters started calling for Rosselló's resignation after Puerto Rico's Center for Investigative Journalism published a series of homophobic and misogynistic messages between Rosselló and members of his inner circle. The leaks came the same week that two former officials from the Rosselló administration were arrested as part of a federal corruption investigation. Joe Raedle/Getty Images

A "Bat-Signal" is projected onto a building in Mexico City as Batman fans celebrate the comic-book hero's 80th anniversary on September 21. Henry Romero/Reuters

A scene from the television series "The Handmaid's Tale" is filmed on the National Mall in Washington on February 15. Calla Kessler/The Washington Post/Getty Images

Ali Stroker accepts a Tony Award for her role in the musical "Oklahoma!" on June 9. Stroker made history by becoming the first actor in a wheelchair to win a Tony. "This award is for every kid watching tonight who has a disability, who has a limitation or a challenge, who has been waiting to see themselves represented in this arena," she said. Theo Wargo/Getty Images for Tony Awards Productions

Beck Bennett plays US Vice President Mike Pence in a “Saturday Night Live” skit on October 5. On the left, Kate McKinnon is playing President Trump’s personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani. Aidy Bryant is playing Attorney General Bill Barr. Will Heath/NBCU Photo Bank/NBCUniversal/Getty Images

Swiss pianist Alain Roche performs at a festival in Yverdon-les-Bains, Switzerland, while he and his piano are suspended in the air by a crane on August 16. Fabrice Coffrini/AFP/Getty Images

Actress Angelina Jolie attends the London premiere of “Maleficent: Mistress of Evil” on October 9. Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images

Amy Powers is approached by a couple of "walkers" June 15 during an interactive tour in Haralson, Georgia, where they filmed some of AMC's hit zombie show "The Walking Dead.” Chris Aluka Berry/Reuters

Actor Benedict Cumberbatch swims in chilly water in London to raise money for mental health programs on March 15. Neil P. Mockford/Getty Images

Singer Jennifer Lopez takes a selfie with her husband, former baseball star Alex Rodriguez, after the Grammy Awards on February 10. From Jennifer Lopez/Instagram

"BlacKkKlansman" director Spike Lee jumps into the arms of presenter Samuel L. Jackson as he accepts the Oscar for best adapted screenplay on February 24. It's the first Oscar win for Lee, who has been nominated five times. Kevin Winter/Getty Images

Comedian Sarah Silverman, channeling the movie “Bird Box,” walks on stage blindfolded to present an award at the Critics Choice Awards on January 13. Mike Blake/Reuters

Model Ericka Hart, a breast cancer survivor, shows her scars as she walks the runway during a Chromat fashion show in New York on September 7. Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images

Models showcase the Sheguang Hu Collection during a fashion show in Beijing on March 25. Chen Xiaogen/Visual China Group/Getty Images

Women dressed up as Phoebe from “Friends” wait for the subway in New York’s Grand Central Terminal on September 20. The show aired for the first time 25 years ago. Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images

Comedian Kevin Hart holds the E! People's Choice Award that he won on November 10. It was his first major public appearance since a devastating car accident in September. Christopher Polk/E! Entertainment/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images

Film director Quentin Tarantino, third from left, walks with the stars of his latest movie “Once Upon a Time in Hollywood” at the Cannes Film Festival in France on May 21. With Tarantino, from left, are Brad Pitt, Leonardo DiCaprio and Margot Robbie. Petros Giannakouris/AP

“Jeopardy!” host Alex Trebek joins contestant James Holzhauer, who won more than $2 million over a 32-game winning streak that ended in June. Holzhauer just missed breaking the all-time regular-season “Jeopardy!” earnings record. Jeopardy Productions

Freya Smith, 3, leads one of Erth's giant dinosaur puppets across a road in Edinburgh, Scotland, on August 6. Erth is an Australian theater company that puts on a show called Dinosaur Zoo. Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images

The sixth season of “Bachelor in Paradise” ended with a first — a proposal between a same-sex couple. Demi Burnett and Kristian Haggerty got engaged on the season finale on September 17. They ended that engagement a month later. John Fleenor/ABC

Rapper Lil Nas X performs at the Stagecoach Festival in Indio, California, on April 28. His No. 1 song “Old Town Road” became a crossover hit. Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for Stagecoach

A worker watches ballet dancers Brandon Brereton and Emily Pohl practice in London on February 20. Frank Augstein/AP

Australia's Kate Miller-Heidke performs the song "Zero Gravity" during the final of the Eurovision Song Contest on May 18. The contest was won by Dutch singer Duncan Laurence. Jack Guez/AFP/Getty Images

Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, greets singer Beyoncé and her husband, rapper Jay-Z, as she and Britain's Prince Harry attend the London premiere of the film “The Lion King” on July 14. Niklas Halle'n/AFP/Getty Images

People interact with the art installation "Rain Room" at the Jackalope Pavilion in Melbourne on August 8. "Rain Room," by Hannes Koch and Florian Ortkrass for Random International, is a massive field of continuous rainfall. But motion sensors allow people to walk through the rain without ever getting wet. Daniel Pockett/Getty Images

Actress Awkwafina looks toward the camera at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on January 27. She and other cast members from “Crazy Rich Asians” were nominated for outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture. Mike Coppola/Getty Images for Turner

People in Bombay Beach, California, watch “Levitation,” a performance art piece by Josephine Wister Faure, on March 10. Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images

Singer Celine Dion and talk-show host James Corden re-create an iconic scene from the movie “Titanic” for a segment on "The Late Late Show” on May 20. The Late Late Show with James Corden

Fans watch Korean boy band NCT 127 perform at a festival in New York’s Central Park on September 28. Anthony Behar/Sipa USA

Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger takes a selfie during the Arnold Classic, a bodybuilding competition in Columbus, Ohio, on March 1. Frank Jansky/Icon Sportswire/Getty Images

Singer Tina Turner, left, greets Kristina Love, an actress playing her in the musical about her life, at the show’s premiere in Hamburg, Germany, on March 3. Franziska Krug/Getty Images

Models walk a runway on a Sydney beach during a Ten Pieces fashion show on May 16. Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images

Rapper Drake pats the Toronto Raptors mascot while watching an NBA playoff game on April 23. Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images

Actor Bill Murray whispers into the ear of co-star Selena Gomez as they attend the Cannes Film Festival screening of their movie “The Dead Don’t Die” on May 14. Gomez later visited “The Tonight Show” and revealed what Murray was saying to her. Mike Marsland/WireImage/Getty Images

Lin-Manuel Miranda and the cast of “Hamilton” say goodbye on the musical’s closing night in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on January 27. Miranda, a New York native of Puerto Rican descent, reprised his role as Alexander Hamilton for a two-week run that raised money for local arts programs. Gladys Vega/Getty Images

Actress Brie Larson reacts as two fans get engaged during a meet-and-greet with her in October. They were attending the ACE Comic Con in Rosemont, Illinois. Courtesy Celeb Photo Ops

People hold up their cell phone lights while attending the “Rocketman” premiere in Sydney on May 25. Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images for Paramount Pictures

The cast of “Veep” takes a selfie together at the Emmy Awards on September 22. Its seventh and final season aired this year. Matt Sayles/Invision for the Television Academy/AP

David Harbour portrays Oscar the Grouch during a “Saturday Night Live” sketch on October 12. Rosalind O'Connor/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images

Actress Jennifer Aniston, left, kisses talk-show host Ellen DeGeneres on an episode that aired October 28. It came during a discussion about DeGeneres kissing Howard Stern on his show. "When was the last time you kissed a girl on the lips?" DeGeneres asked Aniston before the two exchanged a sweet kiss. Michael Rozman/Warner Bros.

Models wear Dior during a fashion show in Paris on February 26. Christophe Ena/AP

Ariana Grande, left, and Barbra Streisand perform "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)" at a Streisand concert in Chicago on August 6. It was a surprise appearance by Grande, and it left her in tears because she got to perform with her idol. Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for BSB

White House advisers Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump sit next to Kim Kardashian West in June as she is introduced at a White House event on second-chance hiring and criminal justice reform. Kardashian West previously met with the President on the issue. Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images

An Elvis Presley lookalike uses a train window as a mirror before boarding it in Sydney on January 10. Sydney was hosting an Elvis Festival. Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images

Actor Alec Baldwin reacts while his daughter Ireland speaks at his Comedy Central Roast on September 7. Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic/Getty Images

Comedian Amy Schumer holds her newborn son, Gene, in this photo she posted to Instagram on May 10. “New kid, who dis?” she wrote. From Amy Schumer/Instagram

Singer Elton John holds hands with French President Emmanuel Macron at a ceremony in Paris on June 21. Macron was awarding John the Legion of Honour. Lewis Joly/AFP/Getty Images

Actress Helen Mirren attends the London premiere of the television show "Catherine the Great" on September 25. Mike Marsland/WireImage/Getty Images

Actor Jared Leto holds a mannequin of his head while arriving for the Met Gala in New York on May 6. Dia Dipasupil/FilmMagic/Getty Images

Actor Richard Madden stands with other students after receiving an honorary doctorate from the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland on July 4. Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images

Singer Rod Stewart makes a surprise appearance at the Las Vegas wedding of Sharon Cook and Andrew Aitchison on October 2. The couple from Liverpool, England, nearly had to cancel their wedding when their travel operator, Thomas Cook, collapsed in September. But their wedding venue, Caesars Palace, heard of their dilemma on the news and offered to help make the wedding happen. Denise Truscello/WireImage/Getty Images

Queen guitarist Brian May performs at a concert in Inglewood, California, on July 19. Frazer Harrison/Getty Images

Brandon Urie and Taylor Swift perform at the Billboard Music Awards on May 1. As Swift sang her new single "ME!," some on social media pointed out that it looked a lot like Beyonce's iconic show at Coachella last year. Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic for DCP/Getty Images

Pro basketball player Dwyane Wade lands on singer John Legend and model Chrissy Teigen during an NBA game in Miami on April 9. Charles Trainor Jr./Miami Herald/TNS/Newscom

Actor James Franco does a reading on stage June 23 during a benefit for Housing Works, a New York nonprofit fighting AIDS and homelessness. Gary Gershoff/Getty Images for Housing Works

Actor Donald Glover takes a selfie with fans in Los Angeles while attending the world premiere of the movie "The Lion King" on July 9. Mario Anzuoni/Reuters

A hot-air balloon shaped in the head of “Star Wars” character Darth Vader flies over Bristol, England, during a balloon festival on August 8. Toby Melville/Reuters

Kacey Musgraves holds all the Grammys she won on February 10. She won album of the year, best country album, best country song and best country solo performance. Amanda Edwards/Getty Images

Singer Justin Timberlake is accosted by Ukrainian prankster Vitalii Sediuk while arriving to a Louis Vuitton show at Paris Fashion Week on October 1. Sediuk, who describes himself on Instagram as an "Entertainment Hollywood Reporter," grabbed Timberlake's right leg. Security guards quickly pulled Sediuk away, and Timberlake appeared to laugh it off with his wife, actress Jessica Biel. Marc Piasecki/WireImage/Getty Images

Rapper Kanye West performs at an Easter Sunday service he held at the Coachella Festival in Indio, California, on April 21. Rozette Rago/The New York Times/Redux

Actress Sophia Loren and fashion designer Valentino attend the Green Carpet Fashion Awards in Milan, Italy, on September 22. Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images

Miley Cyrus performs at the iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas on September 21. Denise Truscello/Getty Images for iHeartMedia

A cosplayer dressed as Marvel character Nebula arrives at New York Comic Con on October 4. Roy Rochlin/Getty Images

Britain’s Prince Charles, right, visits the set of the newest James Bond movie on June 20. With Charles, from left, are actor Daniel Craig, actor Ralph Fiennes and director Cary Joji Fukunaga. Chris Jackson/Pool/Reuters

Actress Selma Blair takes a selfie while in New York for the Time 100 Health Summit on October 17. Blair has gone bald while she undergoes treatment for multiple sclerosis. From Selma Blair/Instagram

"Star Wars" creator George Lucas, left, is joined by some special guests during the launch of Disneyland's new Star Wars land on May 29. With Lucas, from left, are actor Billy Dee Williams, actor Mark Hamill, Disney CEO Robert Iger and actor Harrison Ford. Joshua Sudock/Disneyland Resort/Getty Images

Alec Baldwin plays US President Donald Trump, hoping to sit with the “cool kids” in this “Saturday Night Live” skit that played off actual drama from December’s NATO summit. Seated at the table, from left, are Jimmy Fallon as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Paul Rudd as French President Emmanuel Macron and James Corden as British Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Will Heath/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images

Singer Todrick Hall performs with members of the Boston Gay Men’s Chorus for their “Raise You Up” program on March 16. Paul Marotta/Getty Images

Actor Keanu Reeves walks on stage to speak about the video game "Cyberpunk 2077” during the Xbox E3 Briefing on June 9. The “John Wick” star has often been in the headlines this year, with some in the media referring to him as the “internet’s boyfriend.” Christian Petersen/Getty Images

Director Martin Scorsese hugs actor Al Pacino as they join Robert De Niro in London to promote their film “The Irishman” on October 13. Dominic Lipinski/PA Images/Getty Images

Spanish singer Rosalía performs with dancers in Philadelphia during the Made in America Music Festival on August 31. Daniel DeSlover/Sipa USA

Country singer Kane Brown performs at the Stagecoach Festival in Indio, California, on April 26. Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Stagecoach

Credits
Photo editors
Bernadette Tuazon, Brett Roegiers, Kyle Almond, Natalie Yubas, Will Lanzoni, Clint Alwahab, Cody McCloy, Sarah Tilotta, Marie Barbier, Heather Fulbright

Contributors
Brook Joyner, Rebecca Wright, Cory Cole, Ellen O’Neill, Fruhlein Chrys Econar

Designer
Alicia Johnson

Developer
Kenneth Uzquiano

© 2019 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices


The year’s best sports photos
News
Entertainment
Sports
What a shot! The most amazing sports photos of 2019
US soccer player Megan Rapinoe celebrates her first of two goals in the World Cup quarterfinal win over France on June 28. Rapinoe scored a tournament-high six goals as the Americans won their second straight World Cup title. Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

American Simone Biles competes on the floor exercise at the World Gymnastics Championships on October 10. Biles won yet another gold in the individual all-around. It was her 25th career medal at the World Championships. During this year’s competition, Biles also nailed two moves that will be named after her. Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images

Jockey John Velazquez falls off Bodexpress at the start of the Preakness Stakes horse race on May 18. The horse ran the rest of the race by himself. Mitch Stringer/USA Today Sports

Tiger Woods celebrates after winning the Masters golf tournament on April 14. It was his first major victory in 11 years. Woods now has 15 majors, three behind all-time leader Jack Nicklaus. David J. Phillip/AP


Cleveland defensive end Myles Garrett clubs Pittsburgh quarterback Mason Rudolph with his helmet during a brawl on Thursday, November 14. The NFL suspended Garrett indefinitely. Jason Miller/Getty Images

Washington Nationals fan Jeff Adams, with two beers in hand, lets a home-run ball hit him in the chest during Game 5 of the World Series on October 27. Adams' sacrifice went viral, and Bud Light gave him tickets to Game 6 in Houston. John G. Mabanglo/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

A hockey fan watches Dallas forward Jamie Benn check Washington’s Carl Hagelin during an NHL game in Dallas on October 12. Jerome Miron/USA Today Sports

Duke’s RJ Barrett dunks the ball in front of teammate Zion Williamson during a first-round game at the NCAA Tournament on March 22. The Blue Devils were the No. 1 overall seed in the tournament, but they lost to Michigan State in the Elite Eight. Williamson was later selected first overall in the NBA Draft. Barrett was drafted third. Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images

Moruti Mthalane is punched by Masayuki Kuroda during their flyweight title bout in Tokyo on May 13. Mthalane won by unanimous decision. Charly Triballeau/AFP/Getty Images

Skiers start the annual Ski Track of Russia just outside of Moscow on February 9. About 20,000 amateurs competed in the event. Dmitry Serebryakov/AP

Toronto’s Vladimir Guerrero Jr. douses teammate Brandon Drury after Drury hit a walk-off home run against Oakland on April 26. Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press/AP

Albert Ramos-Vinolas serves during the first day of the Madrid Open on May 4. Julian Finney/Getty Images

Jockeys ride camels during a race in Al Ain, United Arab Emirates, on February 2. Karim Sahib/AFP/Getty Images

New England quarterback Tom Brady celebrates after the Patriots defeated the Kansas City Chiefs in the AFC Championship on January 20. The Patriots went on to win the Super Bowl for the sixth time. Jeff Roberson/AP

Seattle’s Ichiro Suzuki waves to fans during a Major League Baseball game in Tokyo on March 21. The Japanese icon announced his retirement after playing in the majors for 19 seasons. Ben VanHouten/Seattle Mariners

Cricket fans are seen from behind a scoreboard in St. Lucia's National Cricket Stadium on February 9. Paul Childs/Action Images/Reuters

Naomi Osaka hits a forehand during the second round of the Miami Open on March 22. Osaka won the Australian Open in January. It was the second grand slam title of her career. Geoff Burke/USA Today Sports

In this long-exposure photo, Dutch speedskater Lara van Ruijven leads a pack during a 1000-meter race at the European Short Track Championships on January 13. Joosep Martinson/International Skating Union/Getty Images

Virginia’s Kyle Guy celebrates after the Cavaliers defeated Texas Tech in overtime to win the NCAA Tournament on April 8. Guy was named the tournament’s Most Outstanding Player as Virginia won its first NCAA title and completed its redemption story. In 2018, Virginia became the first No. 1 seed to lose to a No. 16 seed at the NCAA Tournament. Jamie Schwaberow/NCAA Photos/Getty Images

Botswana’s Nijel Amos glances at American Donovan Brazier during a Diamond League race in Rome on June 6. Brazier won the 800-meter race. Filippo Monteforte/AFP/Getty Images

Rhiannan Iffland jumps off a rock pinnacle in Palawan, Philippines, during the first stop of the Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series on April 12. Dean Treml/Red Bull Content Pool

Rafael Nadal celebrates after winning his 12th French Open on June 9. He is the first player to win the same grand slam 12 times. Clive Mason/Getty Images

Luis Saez, jockey of Maximum Security, reacts after learning that his horse was disqualified for interference at the Kentucky Derby on May 4. It was the first time a Derby winner was disqualified because of a foul on the track. Scott Serio/Eclipse Sportswire/Cal Sport Media/AP

Players watch as Kawhi Leonard’s last-second shot eventually goes in to lift Toronto to a Game 7 victory over Philadelphia in the Eastern Conference semifinals on May 12. The dramatic shot bounced several times on the rim before trickling in. The Raptors would eventually advance to the NBA Finals, where they dethroned the Golden State Warriors to win their first championship. Mark Blinch/NBAE/Getty Images

Tampa Bay’s Guillermo Heredia runs into the outfield wall while attempting to catch a home run hit by Boston’s Sam Travis in St. Petersburg, Florida, on July 22. Kim Klement/USA Today Sports

American skier Lindsey Vonn celebrates with the bronze medal she won at the World Championships on February 10. The downhill race was the last of her illustrious career. Leonhard Foeger/Reuters

American tennis player Cori “Coco” Gauff celebrates after winning her third-round match at Wimbledon on July 5. Gauff, 15, was the youngest qualifier to ever land in Wimbledon's main draw. She lost in the fourth round to eventual champion Simona Halep. Toby Melville/Reuters/Newscom

San Jose defenseman Erik Karlsson is introduced to the home crowd before the NHL All-Star Game on January 26. Kyle Terada/USA Today Sports

Fans cheer on November 2 during a parade celebrating the Washington Nationals’ World Series victory. Siphiwe Sibeko/Reuters

Baylor basketball coach Kim Mulkey holds up her grandson Kannon Reid Fuller as she and her daughter Makenzie Fuller cut down the nets following a game against Kansas on February 20. The women's basketball team had just won the Big 12 regular-season title for the ninth consecutive year. They went on to win the national title. Tony Gutierrez/AP

Kansas City wide receiver Tyreek Hill says so long to Indianapolis defenders during an NFL playoff game on January 12. Ed Zurga/AP

NBA star Dirk Nowitzki says goodbye to fans in Dallas after a game on April 9. He was retiring after 21 years in the league. Jerome Miron/USA Today Sports

Ruy Fonseca and his horse Ballypatrick fall after a jump in Lima, Peru, on August 3. Fonseca suffered a broken leg and three broken ribs. The horse was OK. Guadalupe Pardo/Reuters

Ukrainian diver Viacheslav Kolesnikov competes at the World Aquatics Championships on July 24. Mark Schiefelbein/AP

Kyle Lowry holds up the Larry O’Brien Trophy during the Toronto Raptors’ victory parade on June 17. Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press/AP

Minnesota's Maddy Freking delivers a pitch during the third inning of a Little League World Series game against Virginia on August 18. Freking is only the 19th girl to play in the series and the sixth to ever pitch. Gene J. Puskar/AP

Germany's Tim Hronek and Russia's Maxim Vikhrov crash in a ski-cross race at the World Championships on February 2. Tom Pennington/Getty Images

Serena Williams looks down during her quarterfinal loss at the Australian Open on January 23. Williams squandered four match points and blew a 5-1 third-set lead to Karolina Pliskova, who defeated her 6-4, 4-6, 7-5. Cameron Spencer/Getty Images

The Washington Nationals celebrate after winning the World Series on October 30. The Nationals defeated the Houston Astros 6-2 to win Game 7 and their first title in franchise history. Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post/Getty Images

Taumata Puhetini rides a wave while practicing for a surfing competition in Tahiti on August 15. Brian Bielmann/AFP/Getty Images

Clemson offensive lineman Sean Pollard celebrates January 7 after the Tigers defeated Alabama 44-16 to win their second national title in three years. Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images

Nikola Mektic and Horacio Zeballos celebrate March 16 after winning the doubles title at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, California. Yong Teck Lim/Getty Images

Ben Rhodes sits in his truck May 17 during practice for the NASCAR Truck Series race at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Streeter Lecka/Getty Images

Atlanta’s John Collins competes in the NBA Slam Dunk Contest on February 16. Chuck Burton/Pool/AP

Antigua's Priscilla Frederick competes in the high jump at the Pan American Games on August 8. Patrick Smith/Getty Images

This aerial photo shows sailboats taking part in the Barcolana regatta in the Gulf of Trieste, off the coast of northeastern Italy, on October 13. Paolo Giovannini/AP

Roman Svichkar of Ukraine, left, lunges at Daniel Jerent of France during the World Fencing Championships on July 22. Tibor Illyes/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

Swimmers reach for drink bottles while competing in an open-water race in Yeosu, South Korea, on July 16. Mark Schiefelbein/AP

Competitors ride their mountain bikes along sand dunes during the Titan Desert race in Morocco on April 28. Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

An advertisement is seen behind Rafael Nadal during the Australian Open quarterfinals on January 22. Fred Lee/Getty Images

England cricket players appeal for a wicket during a match against Ireland on July 26. Earlier that month, England won the Cricket World Cup. Stu Forster/Getty Images

Duke phenom Zion Williamson holds the back of his right leg, which he injured after his left shoe exploded just 33 seconds into a much-anticipated game against North Carolina on February 20. Williamson missed the rest of the game with a knee sprain. Streeter Lecka/Getty Images

Boston’s Tuukka Rask saves a shot from Chicago’s Brandon Saad during the Winter Classic on January 1. The annual outdoor game was played this year at Notre Dame Stadium in South Bend, Indiana. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images

Former Boston Red Sox star David Ortiz acknowledges the crowd before throwing the first pitch at Fenway Park on September 9. It was his first public appearance since being shot in the Dominican Republic earlier this year. Billie Weiss/Boston Red Sox/Getty Images

It looks like someone's giving Kyrie Irving moose antlers as he drives to the basket during an NBA game in Boston on February 3. Michael Dwyer/AP

Washington Nationals fans taunt Philadelphia right fielder Bryce Harper during a Major League Baseball game on April 2. Harper, who played for the Nationals from 2012-2018, signed a $330 million contract with the Phillies during the offseason. Brad Mills/USA Today Sports

Steam rises from Brian Hoyer’s head during an NFL playoff game in Foxborough, Massachusetts, on January 13. Al Bello/Getty Images

The Richmond Tigers and the Melbourne Demons observe a minute of silence before an Australian Football League match on April 24. It was for Anzac Day, a national holiday in Australia and New Zealand. The acronym ANZAC refers to soldiers who served in the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps. Michael Dodge/Getty Images

The tee of Bo-Mee Lee hits the camera after a shot at the Japan LPGA Tour Championship on December 1. Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images

Portland guard Damian Lillard is congratulated by teammates after making a game-winning shot at the buzzer to eliminate Oklahoma City in the first round of the NBA playoffs on April 23. Craig Mitchelldyer/AP

Arturo Lopez lies on the canvas after being knocked out by Paddy Donovan during their welterweight bout in Belfast, Northern Ireland, on October 11. David Fitzgerald/Sportsfile/Getty Images

New York Mets left fielder Jeff McNeil slides for a ball during a Major League Baseball game in Atlanta on June 17. John Bazemore/AP

Pro tennis player Anastasija Sevastova serves the ball during a tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, on April 23. Alex Grimm/Getty Images

Tiger Woods plays a shot during the first round of the US Open on June 13. The tournament was played at Pebble Beach Golf Links in California. Andrew Redington/Getty Images

Utah State basketball player Neemias Queta celebrates with a fan after a home win over New Mexico on February 20. Eli Lucero/The Herald Journal/AP

Canadian swimmer Jade Hannah competes in the 50-meter backstroke during the World Junior Swimming Championships on August 23. Ian MacNicol/Getty Images

Cincinnati relief pitcher Amir Garrett throws punches during a bench-clearing brawl against Pittsburgh on July 30. Several players from both teams were suspended. Sam Greene/Imagn Content Services/USA Today Sports

The University of Oklahoma's Sooner Schooner crashed on the football field while celebrating a second-quarter touchdown on October 19. The beloved horse-drawn wagon, which was filled with passengers, tipped over after a sharp turn, sending the drivers skidding across the grass. No one was seriously hurt. David Stacy/Icon Sportswire/Getty Images

Amy Magana pours milk on herself after winning at the USA Diving National Championships on May 25. She won the event in her hometown of Indianapolis. Her milk celebration is the same celebration that drivers do when they win the Indianapolis 500 car race. Bobby Ellis/Getty Images

Daishoho, left, and Yago bump heads during their March 24 match at the Grand Sumo Spring Tournament in Osaka, Japan. The Asahi Shimbun/Getty Images

Egan Bernal, wearing the yellow jersey, rides past the Arc de Triomphe in Paris during the last stage of the Tour de France on July 28. Bernal, 22, became the youngest Tour winner in more than a century. He is also the first Colombian to win. Anne-Christine Poujoulat/AFP/Getty Images

Denver’s Joe Jones tries to block a punt by Indianapolis’ Rigoberto Sanchez during an NFL game in Indianapolis on October 27. Bobby Ellis/Getty Images

Ohio State’s mascot, Brutus Buckeye, reacts during an NCAA Tournament game on March 24. Ohio State’s men’s basketball team was eliminated that day by Houston. Mark J. Rebilas/USA Today Sports

Francesca Belibi competes in the dunk contest during the Powerade Jam Fest on March 25. She became only the second female winner of the high school dunk contest, which is held in conjunction with the McDonald’s All-American Games. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images for Powerade

British sailors Chris Taylor and Sam Batten take part in a 49er-class race in Weymouth, England, on May 14. Clive Mason/Getty Images

Los Angeles Angels players cover the mound with Tyler Skaggs jerseys after the Angels no-hit the Seattle Mariners on July 12. Skaggs, 27, was found dead in his hotel room on July 1. The no-hitter came on the first home game following his death. The Angels honored his memory that day by wearing his jersey and having his mother throw out the first pitch. John Cordes/Icon Sportswire/Getty Images

A competitor falls in a muddy pool during a Tough Guy endurance race that was held near Wolverhampton, England, on January 27. Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images

Brazilian soccer player Marta kisses her boot June 18 after scoring the goal that made her the top-scoring player in any World Cup — men or women. She has scored 17 goals in her World Cup career. This one came from the penalty spot and was the only goal in a 1-0 win over Italy. Rico Brouwer/Soccrates/Getty Images

Minnesota linebacker Eric Kendricks dives for a ball intended for New York Giants tight end Evan Engram on October 6. Noah K. Murray/USA Today Sports

Russian figure skater Apollinariia Panfilova is thrown into the air by partner Dmitry Rylov during a Junior Grand Prix event in Lake Placid, New York, on August 31. Patrick Smith/International Skating Union/Getty Images

Mike Person, an offensive lineman for the San Francisco 49ers, is covered in mud during an NFL game against Washington on October 20. Patrick Smith/Getty Images

The St. Louis Blues celebrate after winning the hockey franchise’s first Stanley Cup on June 12. They defeated the Boston Bruins in seven games. Bruce Bennett/Getty Images

Arsenal manager Unai Emery instructs his players during a Premier League match in London on November 23. Paul Childs/Action Images/Reuters

South Carolina’s Jaycee Horn, left, and Sherrod Greene defend a pass intended for Kentucky’s Asim Rose during a college football game in Columbia, South Carolina, on September 28. Carmen Mandato/Getty Images

Mike Perry's nose was disfigured during his UFC fight against Vicente Luque on August 10. Luque won the bout by split decision. Alexandre Schneider/Zuffa/Getty Images

A golfer warms up in heavy fog on the first day of the Handa Vic Open in Geelong, Australia, on February 7. Michael Dodge/Getty Images

Arizona goaltender Darcy Kuemper is hit in the face by the stick of Los Angeles center Trevor Lewis during an NHL hockey game in Glendale, Arizona, on April 2. Ross D. Franklin/AP

The rally car of Sebastian Loeb and Daniel Elena kicks up sand during the first stage of the Dakar Rally on January 7. This year’s event was held in South America and started in Lima, Peru. Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

Cristiano Ronaldo holds the trophy after Portugal became the inaugural winners of the UEFA Nations League on June 9. Portugal defeated the Netherlands 1-0 in the final. Eric Verhoeven/Soccrates/Getty Images

Kenya's Eliud Kipchoge smiles October 12 after he became the first person in history to run a marathon under two hours. But Kipchoge's time of 1 hour, 59 minutes and 40 seconds was not counted as a world record because he used a pace car and was assisted by an army of pacemakers. Alex Halada/AFP/Getty Images

US captain Megan Rapinoe lifts the World Cup trophy after the Americans defeated the Netherlands 2-0 in the final on July 7. It was the second straight World Cup title for the Americans, who have now won four times in all. Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

NASCAR drivers practice for an Xfinity Series race in Dover, Delaware, on May 3. Sean Gardner/Getty Images

Dina Averina, a rhythmic gymnast from Russia, competes at the European Games in Minsk, Belarus, on June 22. Kirill Kudryavtsev/AFP via Getty Images

Defensive players from the Minnesota Vikings celebrate after an interception against Philadelphia on October 13. Stephen Maturen/Getty Images

A girl tumbles off a ewe during a Mutton Bustin’ competition at the Iowa State Fair on August 12. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

Naomi Osaka, foreground, comforts Cori “Coco” Gauff after defeating her at the US Open tennis tournament on August 31. Osaka embraced the 15-year-old phenom and invited her to her on-court interview at Arthur Ashe Stadium. Clive Brunskill/Getty Images

Multiple cars crash February 17 during the Daytona 500 in Daytona Beach, Florida. Gary McCullough/AP

Stéphanie Frappart shows a yellow card to Chelsea’s Cesar Azpilicueta during the UEFA Super Cup final on August 14. It was the first time that a woman had officiated a major men’s final in Europe. Chris Brunskill/Fantasista/Getty Images

French skier Thibaut Favrot competes in a World Cup giant slalom race on October 27. Alexis Boichard/Agence Zoom/Getty Images

A bus carries Liverpool players at the soccer club’s parade in England on June 2. Liverpool defeated Tottenham to win its sixth European Cup. Phil Noble/Reuters

Italy's Assunta Legnante prepares to throw a shot put at the World Para Athletics Championships on November 8. Christopher Pike/Reuters

St. Louis’ Harrison Bader reacts after the Cardinals lost the National League Championship Series to Washington on October 15. Patrick Smith/Getty Images

Credits
Photo editors
Bernadette Tuazon, Brett Roegiers, Kyle Almond, Natalie Yubas, Will Lanzoni, Clint Alwahab, Cody McCloy, Sarah Tilotta, Marie Barbier, Heather Fulbright

Contributors
Brook Joyner, Rebecca Wright, Cory Cole, Ellen O’Neill, Fruhlein Chrys Econar

Designer
Alicia Johnson

Developer
Kenneth Uzquiano

© 2019 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices

CNN.com logo

 

2020 has changed everything. And it’s only half over
By AJ Willingham, CNN
Updated July 3, 2020

We regret to inform you that 2020 is only halfway over, even though it feels like it’s been going on for half a century.

Every year typically has a few defining moments, but the past six months have contained so many world-changing, paradigm-shifting developments that it’s getting hard to believe we’re not in a simulation that’s running every possible scenario at once.

But there’s no time to be exhausted: With a pandemic still raging, waves of social change swelling around the globe, and a whole presidential campaign going on, there’s still a lot of history left to be made in 2020.

Think you won’t be able to handle six more months of this? Take a look back at what we’ve already weathered.

January
7 coronavirus cases in US
9,927 cases worldwide
January felt like such a simpler time. All we had to worry about was whether the killing of an Iranian general in a US drone strike would lead to World War III. The death of Qasem Soleimani on January 3 led to days of terrifying tension between the United States and Iran, with massive protests, threats of war and Iran’s retaliatory attack on Iraqi bases housing US troops.

The first week of the year set the pace of what was to come. Next: The impeachment trial of President Donald Trump, the culmination of years of hearings and painful political acrimony, began on January 16. Speaking of years of painful political acrimony, Brexit finally happened after years of delays and false starts.

Meanwhile in China, a strange new virus began to spread, its presence a silent clock counting down to the time it would bring the world to its knees.

/
People watch debris burn in Baghdad, Iraq, following the US drone strike that killed Iranian Gen. Qasem Soleimani on January 3. (FARS News Agency)
/
US President Donald Trump leaves after making a statement at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, on January 3. Trump said he authorized the strike against Iranian Gen. Qasem Soleimani because Soleimani was plotting "imminent and sinister attacks" on Americans. The Pentagon blamed Soleimani and his Quds Force for recent attacks on coalition bases in Iraq, including the December 27 strike that culminated in the deaths of an American contractor and Iraqi personnel. The Trump administration also blamed Soleimani for the December 31 US Embassy attack in Baghdad. (Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images)
/
People gather in Tehran, Iran, on January 6 to attend a funeral ceremony for Soleimani. Two days later, Iran retaliated by firing missiles at two Iraqi bases housing US troops. There were no casualties in the attack, but there were injuries. Trump signaled a de-escalation of tensions: “Iran appears to be standing down, which is a good thing for all parties concerned and a very good thing for the world.” (Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader/AP)
/
Presidential candidates take part in a Democratic debate in Des Moines, Iowa, on January 14. From left are businessman Tom Steyer; US Sen. Elizabeth Warren; former Vice President Joe Biden; US Sen. Bernie Sanders; former South Bend, Indiana, Mayor Pete Buttigieg; and US Sen. Amy Klobuchar. It was the final Democratic debate before the Iowa caucuses and the seventh debate of the campaign season. (Edward M. Pio Roda/CNN)
/
House Sergeant at Arms Paul Irving and House Clerk Cheryl Johnson are trailed by seven House impeachment managers as they carry articles of impeachment to the US Senate on January 15. In December, the House made President Donald Trump just the third president in US history to be impeached. It voted almost entirely among party lines to charge Trump with abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. On February 5, the Republican-controlled Congress acquitted Trump on both articles of impeachment. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
/
Chuck Grassley, the Senate's president pro tempore, swears in Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts as the presiding officer for the impeachment trial. (Senate TV/AP)
/
Roberts swears in members of the Senate for Trump's impeachment trial. (United States Senate)
/
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrives at the US Capitol on January 21, the day the trial began. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
Night falls on the US Capitol on January 22. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
/
A woman rides an electric bicycle in Wuhan, China, on January 22. The novel coronavirus was first reported in Wuhan, a city of 11 million people in central China’s Hubei province, in late December. It has since spread across the world, killing more than 500,000 people. (Getty Images)
/
Medical staff members bring a patient to the Wuhan Red Cross hospital on January 25. (Hector Retamal/AFP/Getty Images)
/
Lyu Jun, left, a member of a medical team leaving for Wuhan, says goodbye to a loved one in Urumqi, China, on January 28. (Wang Fei/Xinhua/Getty Images)
/
Children wear plastic bottles as makeshift masks while waiting to check in to a flight at the Beijing Capital Airport on January 30. The use of face masks has become ubiquitous in many countries as people try to help slow the spread of the coronavirus. (Kevin Frayer/Getty Images)
/
Construction workers in Wuhan begin to work on a special hospital to deal with the outbreak on January 24. (AFP/Getty Images)
/
A giant mural of NBA legend Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter, Gianna, is seen on a basketball court in Taguig, Philippines, on January 28. It was painted two days earlier, just hours after they and seven other people were killed in a helicopter crash in California. In photos: The world mourns Kobe Bryant (Ezra Acayan/Getty Images)
/
A man in London waves a giant flag on January 31 after Britain became the first country to ever leave the European Union. The historic departure known as “Brexit” came more than three tumultuous years since 51.89% of people from England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and Gibraltar voted to leave the EU. (Henry Nicholls/Reuters)

February
- coronavirus cases in US
- cases worldwide
Trump was acquitted in early February, and the political event that had hung heavy over his office in the previous six months was over in less than three weeks. But 2020 is an election year, and the political wheels kept turning.

The first round of primary elections quickly divided the Democratic field, and major candidates began to fall. By February, Cory Booker and Kamala Harris were already out. Andrew Yang soon followed. Pete Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar and Elizabeth Warren limped through, but it soon became clear their time was running out.

In between the slowly unfolding dramas, a bolt of shock struck the sports world when NBA legend Kobe Bryant, his daughter and seven others were killed in a helicopter crash. The memorial took place in late February.

And finally, the virus making its way through China started to spark fear throughout the world. For many, the word “coronavirus” was still unfamiliar and the threat seemed far off.

But not for long.

/
Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg speaks to supporters in Des Moines, Iowa, on February 3, the night of the Iowa caucuses. Buttigieg ultimately won the most delegates in the caucuses — the start of the 2020 primary season — but the results were delayed for days due to mistakes by the state party. (Robert Franklin/South Bend Tribune/USA Today Network)
/
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi rips up her copy of President Trump's State of the Union speech after he finished on February 4. During the speech, you could feel the tension in the room between the President and the Democrats who impeached him in December. Pelosi, sitting behind Trump, stretched out her hand to shake his before the speech. He didn’t take it. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
/
Trump holds up a newspaper at the National Prayer Breakfast on February 6, a day after he was acquitted in his impeachment trial. The Republican-controlled Congress acquitted Trump on both articles of impeachment. The vote was 52-48 on abuse of power, with Republican Sen. Mitt Romney joining the 47 Democrats in voting guilty. All 53 Republican senators voted not guilty on obstruction of Congress. (Oliver Contreras/Pool/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
Reporters in Washington, DC, take photos of a television as they watch the Senate vote to acquit Trump. (Samuel Corum/Getty Images)
/
US Sen. Mitt Romney heads to the Senate floor to cast his vote in Trump’s impeachment trial. Romney announced, in a stirring and emotional speech on the Senate floor, that he would break with his party and vote to convict Trump on abuse of power. He is the first senator in US history to vote to convict a president from the same party in an impeachment trial. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
/
Trump kisses his wife, Melania, in the East Room of the White House on February 6. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
/
Vice President Mike Pence, second from left, sits with his wife, Karen, and members of Trump’s Cabinet as Trump speaks at the White House on February 6. (Al Drago/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
Passengers are seen on the Diamond Princess cruise ship while it was quarantined in Yokohama, Japan, on February 12. Dozens of people on the ship were infected with the novel coronavirus. (Behrouz Mehri/AFP/Getty Images)
/
Vanessa Bryant, the widow of basketball legend Kobe Bryant, speaks at a memorial for Kobe and their 13-year-old daughter, Gianna, on February 24. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP)
/
US President Donald Trump holds a news conference on the coronavirus outbreak on February 26. He defended the White House's response to the outbreak, stressing the administration's ongoing efforts and resources devoted to combating the virus. (Carlos Barria/Reuters)
March
- coronavirus cases in US
- cases worldwide
In March, all hell broke loose. But under the shadow of a pandemic, hell isn’t a clattering sturm und drang. It’s eerie silence and empty spaces. It’s people dying alone in quarantined hospital beds. Global markets shuddered, sputtered and crashed, foreshadowing months of economic suffering.

As shutdowns rolled across the globe, life as we knew it seemed to grind to a halt overnight: Empty flights, deserted city centers, and cruise ships floating listlessly though the open water, their trapped passengers hoping in vain for a place to port.

On March 11, the World Health Organization called the coronavirus what it is and what it will remain for months: A pandemic. For weeks afterward, little else seems to matter.

/
Jill Biden, the wife of former Vice President Joe Biden, blocks a protester who charged the stage during his Super Tuesday speech in Los Angeles on March 4. The protester was holding a sign that said "Let dairy die." Super Tuesday was a good night for Biden, who took control of the Democratic race following early setbacks in Iowa and Nevada. (Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
Britain's Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, attend the Endeavour Fund Awards in London on March 5. In January, the couple announced that they were stepping back from their roles as senior members of the British royal family. (Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images)
/
Lori Spencer visits her mother, 81-year-old Judie Shape, at the Life Care Center, a nursing home in Kirkland, Washington, on March 11. The facility became an early epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak in the United States, and Shape was among those who tested positive. She has since recovered. (Jason Redmond/Reuters)
/
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on March 12. US stocks recorded their worst day since 1987 as worries about the coronavirus mounted. (Michael Nagle/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
A woman’s reflection can be seen in a Milan, Italy, mortuary as she looks at a coffin on March 13. Italy was put under a dramatic total lockdown as the coronavirus spread in the country. (Gabriele Galimberti)
/
Pope Francis delivers his blessing to an empty St. Peter's Square at the Vatican on March 15. The novel coronavirus has put much of the world on hold. To try to slow the spread of the virus, people are being asked to avoid crowds and limit their travel. Many governments have issued stay-at-home orders. What's left behind is an eerie emptiness. (Vatican News/Sipa USA/AP)
/
Restaurant seats are empty in London on March 13. (Simon Dawson/Reuters)
/
The Oculus transportation hub in New York was mostly devoid of commuters and tourists on March 15. (Victor J. Blue/The New York Times/Redux)
/
The Seattle Times' newsroom is empty on March 12. Employees were working remotely. (Grant Hindsley/The New York Times/Redux)
/
Alianza Lima and Racing Club play a professional soccer match in an empty stadium in Buenos Aires on March 12. (Gustavo Garello/AP)
/
A boy visits the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC, on March 29. (Stephen Voss)
/
The Kaaba in the Grand Mosque, Islam's holiest site, is normally surrounded by people in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. But it was nearly empty on March 6. (Bandar Aldandani/AFP/Getty Images)
/
Former Vice President Joe Biden, left, greets US Sen. Bernie Sanders with an elbow bump before the start of a debate in Washington, DC, on March 15. It was the first one-on-one debate of the primary season, and it happened under unprecedented circumstances. The debate was supposed to take place in Arizona in front of a live audience, but because of the coronavirus pandemic, it took place in the nation’s capital with no audience. (Sarah Silbiger for CNN)
/
Spring Break revelers watch a "chicken fight" in Pompano Beach, Florida, on March 17. Many people were continuing to party on Florida's beaches despite the coronavirus pandemic. Florida's governor later issued an order limiting beach gatherings to no more than 10 people. (Julio Cortez/AP)
/
A close-up of President Donald Trump's notes shows where the word "Corona" was crossed out and replaced with "Chinese" as he speaks about the coronavirus at the White House on March 19. After consulting with medical experts and receiving guidance from the World Health Organization, CNN determined that the term "Chinese virus" is inaccurate and considered stigmatizing. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post/Getty Images)
/
Giuseppe Corbari holds Sunday Mass in front of photographs sent in by his congregation members in Giussano, Italy, on March 22. During the coronavirus pandemic, many religious services are being streamed online so that people can worship while still maintaining their distance from others. (Piero Cruciatti/AFP/Getty Images)
/
Passenger jets from Delta Air Lines are parked in Birmingham, Alabama, on March 25. Air travel has been scaled back dramatically because of the coronavirus pandemic. (Elijah Nouvelage/Reuters)
/
The Olympic flame is displayed in Iwaki, Japan, on March 25, a day after the 2020 Tokyo Games were postponed a year because of the coronavirus. (Philip Fong/AFP/Getty Images)
/
US President Donald Trump walks past Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, after a daily coronavirus briefing at the White House on March 26. Fauci, a key member of the White House's coronavirus task force, is no stranger to leading the federal response to national health emergencies. He has served under six US presidents, starting with Ronald Reagan. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
/
World leaders discuss the coronavirus pandemic via video conference on March 26. This screen was photographed at the Parliament House in Canberra, Australia. The coronavirus, in a matter of weeks, turned video conferencing into the backbone of our lives — and not just for work. (Gary Ramage/Pool/AFP/Getty Images)
/
In this photo taken from behind a window, doctors work with coronavirus patients in Pavia, Italy, on March 26. (Claudio Furlan/LaPresse/AP)
/
Epidemiologists Jen Andonian and Matt Shearer get married at a hospital in Boston on March 27. They were supposed to get married in Ann Arbor, Michigan, but their plans had to be altered because of travel restrictions due to the coronavirus. For many couples who decide to get married — whether they've had to cancel their original ceremony plans and make new ones, or are only now feeling the time is right or necessary for marriage — following the advice of health care professionals and scientists appears to be very much on their minds. (Suzanne Kreiter/The Boston Globe/Getty Images)
/
Because of the coronavirus, BBT University in Tokyo held a virtual graduation ceremony using robots on March 28. The graduates watched their ceremony through their robot's point of view. In photos: How the pandemic has changed education (BBT University/Cover Images/AP)
/
The USNS Comfort, a Navy hospital ship, reaches New York on March 30. Another hospital ship went to Los Angeles. The ships were deployed to take some of the pressure off medical facilities that were strained because of the coronavirus pandemic. (Mike Segar/Reuters)
April
- coronavirus cases in US
- cases worldwide
People — and economies — can’t stay locked down forever. In April, widespread coronavirus restrictions began to chafe, and groups of Americans took to the streets in protest, demanding a return to normalcy.

But normal was already long gone. Face masks became a familiar sight, and social distancing became a way of life.

Worldwide coronavirus cases hit 1 million at the beginning of the month. By the end of April there were 1 million cases in the United States alone, and more than 62,000 deaths worldwide. Federal social-distancing guidelines also expired, leaving states to chart their own path forward despite clear signs that the threat was far from over.

/
A nurse adjusts a face shield on a newborn baby at a hospital in Thailand’s Samut Prakan province on April 3. (Paolo Hospital Samutprakarn)
/
Emergency medical workers intubate a coronavirus patient at a home in Yonkers, New York, on April 6. The 92-year-old man was later put on a ventilator at the hospital, and he died two weeks later, his family said. (John Moore/Getty Images)
/
Bodies are buried on Hart Island, a New York City public cemetery, on April 9. New York became the epicenter of the US coronavirus outbreak. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
/
People wait in their cars for the San Antonio Food Bank to begin distributing food on April 9. The coronavirus pandemic has put millions of Americans out of work, and more and more families have turned to food banks to get by. (William Luther/San Antonio Express-News/AP)
/
Protesters stand outside the Statehouse Atrium in Columbus, Ohio, to voice their opposition to stay-at-home orders on April 13. About 100 protesters assembled outside the building during Gov. Mike DeWine's weekday update on the state's response to the coronavirus pandemic. Other states also saw protests as people grew more concerned about the pandemic's economic fallout. (Joshua A. Bickel/Columbus Dispatch/USA Today Network)
/
US President Donald Trump leaves the White House Rose Garden following a coronavirus briefing on April 14. During the briefing, Trump threatened to leave after Playboy correspondent and CNN analyst Brian Karem attempted to ask a question about social distancing. "Quiet. Quiet." Trump said. When Karem continued to ask his question Trump interjected, "If you keep talking, I'll leave and you can have it out with the rest of these people. If you keep talking, I'm going to leave and you can have it out with them. Just a loudmouth." It wasn’t the first time Trump had lashed out at a reporter during a coronavirus briefing. He has vented his frustrations on several occasions. (Alex Brandon/AP)
/
A health care worker stands in a Denver street on April 19, counterprotesting a rally where people were demanding that stay-at-home orders be lifted. Protesters around the country have rallied against coronavirus restrictions and complained that they infringe on their personal freedoms and threaten to destroy their livelihoods. (Alyson McClaran/Reuters)
/
A customer gets a manicure at a nail salon in Atlanta on April 24. Georgia's hair salons, tattoo parlors, bowling alleys and other businesses were permitted to reopen after Gov. Brian Kemp announced that he'd ease the state's stay-at-home order. (Elijah Nouvelage/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
US Vice President Mike Pence visits Dennis Nelson, a patient who survived the coronavirus and was going to give blood, during a tour of the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, on April 28. Pence chose not to wear a face mask during the tour despite the facility's policy that's been in place since April 13. Pence initially told reporters that he wasn't wearing a mask because he's often tested for coronavirus. He later said he should have worn one. (Jim Mone/AP)
/
Michigan state police prevent protesters from entering the chamber of the Michigan House of Representatives on April 30. The protesters were unhappy with the state’s stay-at-home order. Gov. Gretchen Whitmer had extended the order through May 15, though restrictions were relaxed so some businesses could reopen. (Jeff Kowalsky/AFP/Getty Images)
May
- coronavirus cases in US
- cases worldwide
In May, rumblings of a different kind of unrest began to surface in the Georgia town of Brunswick, where a Black man named Ahmaud Arbery had been shot and killed while jogging in a neighborhood in February. The case echoed painful memories of other unarmed Black men who had died at the hands of police or, in Arbery’s case, men allegedly pursuing some form of vigilante justice.

One racial crisis was quickly compounded with another when George Floyd, an unarmed Black man, was killed during an encounter with police in Minneapolis later that month — an encounter that was caught on video as an officer kneeled on his neck for nearly nine minutes.

Suddenly, the floodgates were opened. Streets left barren during weeks of coronavirus lockdowns were filled night after night with thousands of protesters calling for justice, police accountability and reform. Clashes between demonstrators and police only added to the tensions, and before the month was over, it was clear a reckoning was going to come.

All the while, the specter of the coronavirus still hung over the world. Countries began tentatively reopening. For the first time since December, China recorded its first day without a new case. However, the reprieve was to be short-lived.

In the United States, there was barely a reprieve at all. On May 27, the US recorded its 100,000th coronavirus death.

/
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visits a fertilizer factory in Sunchon, North Korea, in this photo released by North Korea’s state-run news agency on May 2. After Kim missed the celebration of his grandfather's birthday on April 15, the United States was monitoring intelligence suggesting Kim was in grave danger following a surgical procedure. Kim’s absences from official state media often spark speculation and rumors about his health. CNN cannot independently verify North Korea’s state-run agency reports, the authenticity of the photograph or the date it was shot. (Korean Central News Agency/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock)
/
Asian giant hornets from Japan are shown in a display case in Olympia, Washington, on May 4. The insects, nicknamed "murder hornets," were spotted in the United States for the first time, specifically in Washington state, scientists said. (Ted S. Warren/AP)
/
Relatives of Ahmaud Arbery embrace outside a courthouse May 8 while protesting his shooting death in Brunswick, Georgia. Three men have been charged in the February 23 death of Arbery, who was shot dead while jogging just outside Brunswick. (Sean Rayford/Getty Images)
/
Dr. Ethan Weiss, a cardiologist from San Francisco, tweeted this photo of his flight home from New York on May 9. The photo appeared to show dozens of mask-wearing passengers sitting next to one another with no space in between. "This is the last time I'll be flying again for a very long time," Weiss wrote in a Twitter thread, adding that a lot of passengers on the flight were "scared/shocked." Weiss said he was a part of a group of 25 doctors and nurses who had been working in New York hospitals for the past two to four weeks. United Airlines had flown them home for free. (Courtesy Ethan Weiss)
/
San Diego high school student Phoebe Seip, center, and her sisters Sydney, left, and Paisley watch former US President Barack Obama deliver a virtual commencement address to millions of high school seniors on May 16. (Bing Guan/Reuters)
/
People visit New York's Domino Park on May 17. The painted circles, spaced 6 feet apart, are to encourage physical distancing. (Johannes Eisele/AFP/Getty Images)
/
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is tested for the coronavirus during a news conference in Albany on May 17. He was trying to demonstrate the ease of the procedure and encourage people to get tested. (Angus Mordant/Bloomberg/Getty Images)
/
A man chases away a swarm of desert locusts in Samburu County, Kenya, on May 21. It is the worst invasion of desert locusts there in 70 years. It is also the worst locust invasion in the Horn of Africa in 25 years, said the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization. The invasion poses an unprecedented threat to food security in the region, where more than 19 million people in East Africa are already experiencing a high degree of food insecurity, the agency said. (Fredrik Lerneryd/Getty Images)
/
US President Donald Trump wears a face mask while visiting a Ford plant in Ypsilanti, Michigan, on May 21. But it was during a part of the tour where reporters were not allowed. "I didn't want to give the press the pleasure of seeing it," he said. This photo was tweeted by US Rep. Jackie Speier. Press photos from the tour show Trump without a mask. (From Rep. Jackie Speier/Twitter)
/
A group floats down the American River near Rancho Cordova, California, on May 24. Memorial Day weekend prompted plenty of celebrations at the beach and boardwalks, but few were seen social distancing or wearing masks. (Daniel Kim/The Sacramento Bee/AP)
/
Olivia Grant, right, hugs her grandmother, Mary Grace Sileo, through a plastic cloth hung on a clothesline in Wantagh, New York, on May 24. The two saw each other for the first time since the pandemic started. (Al Bello/Getty Images)
/
Former US Vice President Joe Biden and his wife, Jill, lay a wreath at the Delaware Memorial Bridge Veterans Memorial Park on Memorial Day. In a CNN interview, Biden called President Donald Trump "an absolute fool" for sharing a tweet that mocked him for wearing a mask. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
/
A protester carries an American flag upside down next to a burning building in Minneapolis on May 28. Protesters have been rallying across the United States since the death of George Floyd, an unarmed Black man who was killed in police custody in Minneapolis. Anger poured through communities as video of Floyd's last moments began circulating. Floyd was pleading for help as he was pinned down, saying he couldn't breathe. The demonstrations have been largely peaceful, but some cities have seen instances of violence, with protesters clashing with police and stores being looted and burned. (Julio Cortez/AP)
/
CNN journalist Omar Jimenez is taken into custody during a live broadcast May 29 at the site of protests in Minneapolis. Jimenez's crew was also placed in handcuffs and later released. Gov. Tim Walz apologized for the arrests and said he took full responsibility. (CNN)
/
A woman yells at a sheriff's deputy during a protest in Minneapolis on May 28. (Mark Vancleave/Star Tribune/AP)
/
People vandalize a Walgreens store during protests in Oakland, California, on May 29. (Philip Pacheco/AP)
/
Protesters block a highway in St. Paul, Minnesota, on May 31. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
/
People lie face down during a protest at the State Capitol in Lansing, Michigan, on May 31. During the protests, some demonstrators have staged lie-ins, taking to the ground for eight minutes and 46 seconds to symbolize the final moments of Floyd's life. (Matthew Dae Smith/Lansing State Journal/USA Today)
/
Kai Ayden, 7, raises his fist during a demonstration in Atlanta on May 31. The photo made Kai a face of the protest movement and inspired many to create artwork based on him. (Elijah Nouvelage/Getty Images)
/
A crowd gathers in Titusville, Florida, to watch SpaceX's historic launch on May 30. The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launched two NASA astronauts toward the International Space Station. It's the first time in history that a commercial aerospace company has carried humans into Earth's orbit. (Scott Audette/Reuters)
/
The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasts off from the Kennedy Space Center. NASA and space fans had waited nearly a decade for this milestone. The United States hadn’t launched its own astronauts into space since the shuttle program ended in 2011. (SpaceX/Getty Images)
June
- coronavirus cases in US
- cases worldwide
The protests sparked by George Floyd’s death roared into June and went global. Demonstrators filled city centers in the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Brazil, Australia, South Africa and countless other countries, uniting under one refrain: Black Lives Matter.

In the United States, talks of police reform rippled through Congress. Cities slashed police department budgets and tightened police accountability. People also took change into their own hands, toppling statues of men who once championed or traded in slavery. Confederate flags and other symbols of racial enmity came down, too.

With the 2020 election mere months away, President Trump returned to the campaign trail, hosting one of his signature rallies in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

After a few weeks of optimism, coronavirus cases came roaring back across the globe. In the United States, experts warned premature reopenings may have sent the country hurtling toward another round of calamity and death.

/
Riot police rush demonstrators in Washington DC’s Lafayette Park on June 1. Thousands of people were peacefully protesting near the White House when police started to shoot rubber bullets, tear gas and flash bangs into the crowd. Police were clearing the block to allow President Donald Trump to walk to St. John's Episcopal Church for a photo op. (Ken Cedeno/Reuters)
/
President Donald Trump holds a Bible outside St. John's Episcopal Church during his photo op on June 1. Part of the church was set on fire during protests the night before. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
/
Tamika Palmer, the mother of Breonna Taylor, looks on during a vigil for her daughter on June 6 in Louisville, Kentucky. Taylor, a 26-year-old EMT, was shot eight times by police on March 13 when they broke down the door to her Louisville apartment while executing a warrant in a narcotics investigation. Taylor's family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit. (Brett Carlsen/Getty Images)
/
Protesters hold up their phones during a demonstration outside the White House on June 3. George Floyd's death has reignited a national conversation about race, police brutality and social injustice. There have been calls to defund the police, and protesters have been tearing down statues of men who once championed or traded in slavery. (Eric Baradat/AFP/Getty Images)
/
Philonise Floyd speaks at a memorial service for his brother George on June 4. He said George had "touched many hearts" and that the audience in Minneapolis was a testament of that. "Everybody wants justice, we want justice for George," Philonise said. "He's going to get it." Derek Chauvin, the Minneapolis police officer who kneeled on Floyd’s neck for eight minutes and 46 seconds, was fired from the department and eventually charged with second-degree murder. Three other officers involved in the incident were also fired, and they were each charged with aiding and abetting second-degree murder and aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter. (Julio Cortez/AP)
/
This satellite photo, taken on June 6, shows the new Black Lives Matter Plaza in Washington. The words "Black Lives Matter" were painted on two blocks of 16th Street. The painters were contracted by Mayor Muriel Bowser. (Maxar Technologies/Reuters)
/
Protesters in Bristol, England, throw a statue of Edward Colston into the River Avon during a Black Lives Matter protest on June 7. The Museums of Bristol website describes Colston as a "revered philanthropist/reviled slave trader" from the 17th century. (Giulia Spadafora/NurPhoto/Getty Images)
/
About two dozen Democratic lawmakers, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, kneel in silence for eight minutes and 46 seconds as they pay tribute to George Floyd on June 8. They wore stoles made of Kente cloth, drawing criticism from observers who felt they made the traditional African textile into a political prop. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP)
/
Voters line up at Christian City, an assisted-living home, to cast their primary ballots in Union City, Georgia, on June 9. Voting delays across Georgia led state officials to call for investigations. Some voters spent hours waiting in line. (Dustin Chambers/Reuters)
/
People drink outside a bar in New York City's East Village on June 12. Bars in the city were not allowed to open yet, but many people in New York took to the streets after the city entered Phase One of its reopening plan on June 8. (Jeenah Moon/Reuters)
/
Demonstrators set fire to a Wendy's restaurant in Atlanta on June 13. Rayshard Brooks, a 27-year-old Black man, was fatally shot by police near the restaurant’s drive-thru on June 12. Brooks was shot after police moved to handcuff him for suspected driving under the influence, according to videos from the scene. The videos show that Brooks took an officer's Taser during the attempted arrest and then fired the Taser at the officers as he ran away. One officer then fatally shot Brooks three times with his service weapon, authorities said. Brooks was shot twice in the back, according to a release by the Fulton County Medical Examiner's Office. The police officer who killed Brooks, Garrett Rolfe, was fired and charged with murder. Rolfe’s attorneys say Rolfe was legally justified and acting in self-defense. Atlanta’s police chief resigned. (Ben Hendren/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images)
/
Tiffany Munroe waves a rainbow flag during a Black Trans Lives Matter rally in New York on June 14. The next day, the US Supreme Court ruled that federal civil-rights law protects gay, lesbian and transgender workers. (Demetrius Freeman/The New York Times/Redux)
/
Police in Albuquerque, New Mexico, detain members of the New Mexico Civil Guard, an armed civilian group, after a man was shot during a protest on June 15. The shooting happened as protesters were trying to pull down a statue of Spanish conquistador Juan de Oñate. A 31-year-old man was arrested in connection with the shooting, police said. The New Mexico Civil Guard told CNN by email that the man is not part of their group. (Adolphe Pierre-Louis/The Albuquerque Journal/AP)
/
US President Donald Trump listens to applause after signing an executive order on police reform June 16 in the White House Rose Garden. Trump said he was taking executive action to encourage police to adopt the "highest and the strongest" professional standards "to deliver a future of safety and security for Americans of every race, religion, color and creed." His order, among other steps, creates a federal database of police officers with a history of using excessive force. (Leah Millis/Reuters)
/
DACA recipients and their supporters rally outside the US Supreme Court on June 18. In a 5-4 ruling that day, the Supreme Court blocked the Trump administration's attempt to end DACA, which stands for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. The Obama-era program protects hundreds of thousands of immigrants — who were brought to the country as children — from deportation. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images)
/
President Donald Trump arrives at his campaign rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on June 20. It was his first rally since the start of the coronavirus pandemic, and the indoor venue generated concerns about the potential spread of the virus. About 6,200 people showed up to the BOK Center, which seats 19,199. (Doug Mills/The New York Times/Redux)
/
Trump walks on the South Lawn of the White House on June 21 after returning from his campaign rally in Tulsa. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
/
Tomika Miller weeps over her husband, Rayshard Brooks, at his public viewing in Atlanta on June 22. His private funeral service took place at Ebenezer Baptist Church, where Martin Luther King Jr. was as a co-pastor from 1960 until his assassination in 1968. King's daughter, the Rev. Bernice A. King, spoke at the funeral. (Curtis Compton/Pool/Atlanta Journal-Constitution/AP)
/
A beach is slammed with people in Bournemouth, England, during a heat wave on June 25. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson began easing coronavirus restrictions in May, but people are still supposed to be distancing themselves from one another. After thousands flocked to beaches, officials in southern England declared a "major incident.” (Finnbarr Webster/Getty Images)
/
A couple draws guns on people who were protesting against St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson on June 28. The demonstration came after Krewson, on a Facebook live video, read the names and addresses of people calling for police reform, according to CNN affiliate KMOV. The man and woman with the guns were identified as Mark and Patricia McCloskey, who owned the private street the protesters were walking on. "The peaceful protesters were not the subject of scorn or disdain by the McCloskeys," their attorney, Albert S. Watkins, said in a statement to CNN. "To the contrary, they were expecting and supportive of the message of the protesters.” He said “the actions of violence, destruction of property and acts of threatening aggression by a few individuals” put the McCloskeys “in fear of imminent harm.” (Lawrence Bryant/Reuters)
/
Willie Townsend, an employee of the Mississippi State Capitol, raises and lowers commemorative state flags June 30 that are purchased by people after being flown at the Capitol. Hours later, Gov. Tate Reeves signed a bill to retire the flag — the last state flag to feature the Confederate battle flag. The flag of the Confederacy, its symbols and the statues commemorating Confederate leaders have long divided the country. Critics call the flag a symbol that represents the war to uphold slavery, while supporters call it a sign of Southern pride and heritage. (Suzi Altman/Reuters)
As the first half of the year came to a close, the future seemed to hold nothing but uncertainty — about the pandemic, about November’s election, about the future of the country and the world.

Looking back to the beginning of the year, the events of 2020 have defied prediction.

What the rest of the year holds is anyone’s guess.

Credits
Photo Editors: Bernadette Tuazon, Brett Roegiers, Will Lanzoni, Heather Fulbright, Rebecca Wright
Photo Illustration: Will Mullery
Digital Design and Development: Sean O’Key, Curt Merrill
Copy Editor: Kyle Almond
© 2020 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices
CNN.com logo
